上主之手临于我 上主之神引我去把我放在平原中 那里布满了遗骸《圣经 结 37:1》北达科他州 荒地下来来自教皇的礼物【骨 之 谷】卡尔Cal.还记得给你工作的那个农场主什么时候回来吗？You remember that rancher guy you had working for you, back when?就是他That's him.我得和他弟弟联系一下Look, I gotta get in touch with his brother.他是恐龙猎人吧？He was some kind of a dinosaur hunter, right?他和他老婆？Him and his wife?兄弟们说的Brothers said that.现在 他老婆...Now, about the wife...嘿 约翰Hey, John.你在里面吗？You in there?奥尔森博士 我们得商量一下Come on, Dr. Olson. Got something we gotta discuss.不再姓奥尔森了 特里Not Olson anymore, Terry.好的 博士All right, doc.习惯了Old habits.你是有事呢 还是没事找事？So, you wanting something or you just come by to shitheel me?石油公司来了The oil company's moving in.好吧 昨天签了地皮 所以...All right. Signed off on the land, yesterday, so...你在调情You flirt.贝肯油矿往南没有延伸到这么远The bakken don't extend this far south.嘿 等等 宝贝Hey, hold off, now, doll.你一直在这里As long as you've been out here,天天搜寻化石 有多少发现啊？how much have we seen from all your fossil hunting?好吧All right, well,我想你该走了think it's time for you to move on.你是对的You're right.嘿Hey.要我给你做点吃的吗？You want me to make you something to eat?想听听我的发掘工作吗？Want to know how the dig went?那是灾难 谢谢你问我It was a total disaster. Thanks for asking.我能进来吗？Can I come in?你在做什么？So, whatcha working on?水瓶座？Aquarius?间隔不错Yeah, the spacing's good.你要许个愿吗？You gonna make a wish on one?这是给孩子玩的That's stuff for kids.外公没太让你沉迷这本书吧？Granddad didn't get you too far in this book, huh?他试过了Hmm. He tried.嘿 伊奇Hey, Ezekiel.来看看好吗？Wanna see something?看什么？What is it?- 看 - 又是有关恐龙的吗？- Check it out. - Another one of your dinosaur things?是的 差不多吧Yeah. Yeah, kind of.挖出来的It's from the dig.- 我希望能找到... - 我还有作业- I was hoping to find... - I got homework.好吧Okay.想知道他们是什么品种吗？Do you wanna at least know what species they are?- 妈妈... - 我还不能确定- Mom... - I'm not gonna know for sure- 除非提取整个胚胎 - 太酷了 妈妈- until I extract the entire embryo. - That's cool, mom,- 但我真的还有作业要做 好吗？ - 我有充份的论断- but I really have homework, okay? - I have a strong theory是三角龙的幼崽they are triceratops cubs.酷吧？Isn't that cool?- 你想抱抱三解龙幼崽吗？ - 也许等以后吧- You wanna hold a triceratops cub? - Maybe later.伊奇 拜托 这可是你的绝佳机会...Ezekiel. Come on, this is your chance to hold a piece of...妈妈 我不想要那蠢东西Mom! I don't want to hold your stupid thing.伊奇 怎么了？Ezekiel! What's happening?你到底在干什么？What the hell did you just do?- 你什么时候回家的？- 这是最完美的文物- When did you get home? - It's the best goddamn piece- 我今天发现的 - 嘿...- I found today. - Hey...我没兴趣 我说了不I wasn't interested. I said no!那个 嗯...What, uh...欢迎回家 安娜Well, welcome home, Anna.我要哄这个小壮汉上床I'll put the little bruiser to bed.伊桑·奥尔森博士死于致命毒蛇我想有点不顺利 嗯？I guess that didn't go so well, huh?爸爸Well, dad,你总是要我试着去亲近孩子you're the one who's always telling me I oughta try and get closer to the boy.没错 问问他喜欢什么事Well, yeah, by asking eze what sort of things he likes.而不是强迫他做你喜欢的事Not by forcing on him the stuff that you do.我不知道他喜欢什么I have no idea what he likes.我就是这意思I think that's what I mean.听着... 现在有点晚了Look... it's getting a little late.不如你去哄你儿子Why don't you go tuck your son in- 我去洗个澡 - 好的- and I'll finish up. - Okay.你知道 过去的好时光You know, a nice thing about the past,你醒来时 它仍然还在你身边it will still be there when you wake up.对Yup.可惜也是最糟糕的事Worst thing, too.嘿 伊奇Hey, Ezekiel.我...I'm...我知道那是意外 好吗？I know it was an accident, okay?嘿Hey.我们去睡觉 好吗？Let's get to bed, okay?那是...Is that...这是我的表It's my watch.坏了 你不想再买块新的吗？Well, it's broken. Don't you want another one?是爸爸的It's dad's.是 我知道Yes, I know it was.你从哪弄来的？Where did you get that?嘿Hey.我们还没开门We're not open.内特 是我Nate, it's me.我们还没开门We're not open.你收到我的语音留言了You got my voice mail.- 什么？- 你收到我的语音留言没有？- What? - You get my voice mail?没有 我... 听着No, I... look.我没空和你...I don't want you hanging out with...我不想你把东西给我的孩子I don't want you giving stuff to my kid.那个手表？上帝啊The watch? Jesus Christ!这么急This couldn't wait a bit.等到明天早上不行吗？That could have waited till tomorrow morning, huh?不行 内特 因为我清楚记得交代过No, Nate. Because i distinctly remember already having this conversation.我不希望我出城时 你和伊奇在一起I don't want you hanging out with Ezekiel when I'm out of town.你出城时When you're out of town.我是他叔叔I'm the boy's uncle.有人应该陪他一起Someone oughta be spending time with him而你外出了几个月when you're out for months on end,在骨堆里到处挖digging around in boneshit nowhere.嗯哼 好吧 很好 谢谢Mmm-hmm. Okay, great. Thank you very much.内特 我知道伊奇是你家族唯一的亲人了Nate, I realize Ezekiel's the only family you got left,但我不需要父母...but I don't need parent...不需要你的育儿建议I don't need parenting advice from you.你给我打了两次电话Okay, so, you called me, twice.我现来了 你到底想要什么？I'm here. What the hell did you want?如果你听过我的语音留言Well, if you had listened to my voice mail,电话里就搞定了 上帝we could have done it over the phone. Jesus.你不需要费心来这里You wouldn't have to bother coming down here.但是既然你来了 喝杯啤酒吧But since you're here, have a beer.谢谢Thanks.这是你以前工作过的牧场吧？This that ranch you used to work on?很熟悉？Napping around on? Uh-huh.好吧？Okay, and?那么Well,我在语音信箱里都告诉你了I told you all about it in the voice mail.如果你愿意 我可以重复一遍We could go over it again if you'd like.你好 是我Hey, you. It's me.我在你通讯录里是 “婊子养的”？You got me on your phone as "son of a bitch"?你能安静一会吗？我在听你的留言Would you be quiet? I'm trying to listen to you.你没有回话 很明显Well, you're not answering, obviously,那意思你还很生气 我不知道 疯了which means you're probably still, I don't know, mad,但是我的旧老板接到石油钻塔公司来电but my old boss got a call from one of them oil rig guys,维斯·麦考伊Wes McCoy.他可能无意中发现了些东西Thinks he might have stumbled on something.他发现了一颗牙齿He found a tooth.大的...Big one...你挂了我的电话You hung up on me.牙齿 内特？A tooth, Nate?- 你耍我 - 是啊 很酷吧？- You've got to be kidding me. - Yeah. Pretty cool, huh?不 因为发现兽脚亚目的牙齿意味着完蛋了No. Because a therapod tooth means shit.因为食肉恐龙要是换牙齿了 是会随便乱扔的If it's even what they think it is, carnivores shed them suckers like mad.可能根本就没有恐龙It's probably nothing.那可能是什么东西Yeah, well, it could be something.很棒 是的 伟大的科学 天才Great. Yeah, it's great science there, genius.你知道的You know,对于不喜欢抚养伊森的人for somebody who doesn't like bringing up Ethan,你似乎挺喜欢他you sure sound a heck of a lot like him.也许我不是科学天才Yeah, maybe I'm no scientific genius.如果我是话 我就不会让你参与这笔交易了If I was, I wouldn't have to bring you in on this deal.天哪 内特 你想我怎么样？Jesus, Nate, what do you want from me?我应该扔下一切 路你去挖土吗？I'm just suppose to drop everything and rush up there?老兄 你没有什么好放弃的Dude, you got nothing to drop.我是说 最坏的情况会是什么？I mean, what's the worst that could happen?也就是你什么都没发现Go up there, you don't find anything.我还是个“妹子养的”I'm still a son of a bitch.管他呢 妈的 内特What the hell. God damn it, Nate.- 你算同意了？- 对- Is that a yeah? - Yeah.你要跟我走You're coming with me, though.当然Sure.总得有人把你引荐给牧场主Somebody's gotta introduce you to the ranch owner.不是 万一发现什么东西No. Because when it turns out to be nothing,我需要有人帮忙挖土I'm gonna need someone within swatting distance.那我明早来接你I'll pick you up tomorrow morning, then.明天Tomorrow.拜托 这太荒谬了Well, come on. This is ridiculous.- 你才刚回来 - 爸爸- You just got back. - Dad.爸爸 可以是周末吧 撑死最多三天Dad, it's probably just for the weekend. Three days, tops.再好不过了Well, maybe that's good, then.因为这样你会在星期一回来 对吗？'Cause this way, you'll be back on Monday, right?求你了 爸爸 我知道你要说什么Please, dad. I know what you're gonna say.他应该跟... 是的 他应该来...That he should come with... Yeah, that he should come with...我当然会这么说Of course I'm gonna say that.为什么不呢？Why the hell not?你知道为什么不行的 爸爸You know exactly why the hell not, dad.因为这是荒地 不是游乐场Because it's the badlands, not a playground.上帝 那里有野生动物 糟糕的天气等等Jesus. There's wild animals, crap weather. The list goes on.这不好笑 安娜This ain't funny, Anna.你说个不停 有完没完You're telling me. It's a long list.安娜 嘿Anna! Hey.苏珊娜Susanna!嘿 早上好 比尔Hey. Morning, bill.你想我怎么办 爸爸？What do you want from me, dad?这不是我想要的It ain't what I want.现在 我有点问题是替他打包Now, I went to the trouble of packing him a little bag.学校怎么样？What about school?我跟校长有点麻烦I went to the trouble of notifying his principal.你似乎遇到了不少麻烦Well, you went to quite a lot of trouble, seems like.听着 孩子Listen, kiddo,你总得处理这事情you're gonna have to deal with this sometime.你不能老抱着石头和骨头You can't go running off with your rocks and bones,假装你在抚养一个儿子and pretend that you're raising a son.内疚不等于保护Guilt ain't the same as protection.这跟贩毒集团没有任何关系Right. But that doesn't have anything to do with the cartel.没有任何关系...It doesn't have anything to do...一切都与贩毒集团有关It has everything to do with the cartel.繁荣带来了人口过剩The boom brought overpopulation.他们把冰毒的交易带到了历史高点They brought the trade of crystal meth to an all-time high,墨西哥的贩毒集团and now, you got these Mexican cartels.他们在这里贩卖枪支They're up here and they're trading guns.毒品Or drugs.对 但贩毒集团从90年代就一直在这里了Right, but the cartel has been here since the '90s, at least,只不过过去没消息 而现在消息满天飞just didn't hear about it regularly. You hear about it now.你知道 整个州的帮派Do you realize that we have gangs competing for territory都在争夺地盘吗？all across the state?我说的不仅仅是威利斯顿And I'm not just talking about williston.- 我在说... - 我只是说...- I'm talking about... - I'm just saying...我说的是 像东部法戈那么远的地方 - 是你的地盘 是不是？I'm talking as far east as Fargo. You had 'em, right?如果你想夺走贩毒集画的饭碗If you wanna take the power away from the cartel,你必须夺走他们的市场 我的意夏是...you have to take away their market. It's just, I mean...跳 小心点Jump. Look out.- 废物 - 嘿- Crap. - Hey.注意言辞Easy on the language.比利就可以说 他才七岁Billy can say it, and he's only seven.是吗？让我来玩Oh, yeah? Let me get a game.请看专业人士Show you how the pros do it.废物Crap.你们俩还要什么吗？Anything else for you two?经常过来就行Just keep 'em coming.嗨 甜心Hi, hon.麦考伊So, McCoy.言下之意 你觉得在荒地里Word down the line is, you think you found yourself something有所发现out in the badlands.我知道有东西在下面 所以 亲爱的 问题是I know I got something down there, so, hon, the question is,对你有价值吗？what's it worth to you?怎样？So?行家知道 食肉恐龙会不停地换牙Carnivore species were known to shed their teeth all over the goddamn place,但这牙齿的牙根完好无损but this still has its root intact.那代表着 它死时 门牙仍然长在恐龙嘴里That means the incisor was still attached to the dinosaur when it died.你是说 也许还有更多You're saying there's maybe more.也许非常多There may be a lot more.看到了吗？See?我怎么跟你说的？What did I tell you?她在外面She's out there.你怎么知道是母的？How do you know it's a she?我不知道I don't know.我之所以称呼为她 是因为...I've just been calling it a she, like a...就像个食客Well, like a captain.白鲸之类的 你知道我的意思？White whale kind of shit. You know what I mean?好吧 你说的没错Okay, well, you're not wrong.看这里？This here?霸王龙的牙齿T-Rex tooth.这是霸王龙家族中相当大的标本It's a fairly large specimen, too, which among tyrannosaur breeds means,所以可能是母的yeah, it's probably female.酷Cool.操蛋的霸王龙？A t-fucking-Rex?我会被诅咒的I'll be damned.嘿 死人Hey. Dead man.你该走了You're supposed to be gone.但他来了But here he is.我来了Here I am.我有正事 小滑头 好吗？I'm kind of in the middle of something here, slick, all right?是 我看到了Yeah, I see that.我无意打扰你的约会I didn't mean to intrude on your date.但我们盯着你了But we've seen you now.我们走吧 里斯Let's go, Reese.下一次 他们应该把你埋得更深Next time, they ought to bury you deeper.很好 巨大的牙根 牙齿 这些真他妈的棒So, good. Great, roots, teeth, all that. That's fucking awesome.那些家伙什么意思？That something i ought to be concerned about?我以前从没见过他们I've never seem 'em before in my life.只是几个愚蠢的醉鬼...Just a couple of dumb drunks...因为我不了解你'Cause I don't know you.我不知道在搞什么鬼I don't know what the hell this is.我挖掘时 最好别搞事But I do not need that shit on my dig.是王牌 好吧It's Ace. Okay.- 他没事 - 你很好 知道不？- He's all right. - You're all right. See?看到没有？See?朋友Friends.老兄Buddies.对吗？Right?是的Yeah.你看到我了You've seen me.内特·奥尔森 千真万确Well, well. Nate Olson, as I live and shit.- 金伯利 - 你见过麦考伊吗？- Kimberly. - You meet with McCoy?是她见我的She did.乔朵太太 嗨 见到你很高兴Mrs. jordall. Hi, it's a pleasure.叫我金伯利Kimberly, please.“太太”是称呼老处女或办公女性的"Mrs." is for spinsters and suits.我们的指甲下面有泥土 不是吗 博士？We got dirt under our nails, don't we, doctor?安娜 这里 她...Anna, here, she...你不必给我高谈阔论 内特You don't have to give me a big spiel, Nate.我知道她是谁I know who she is.你是古生物学家 对吧？You're the paleontologist, yes?在政府土地上挖骨头 而坐牢的那个The one that was thrown into prison for digging up bones on government land.事实上 我当时不知道 那片归土地管理局管Actually, I didn't know it was blm land at the time.我敢肯定 你有完美的故事I'm sure there's a pretty story.总是有的There always is.听着 我很懂你们的套路Look, I know how this works.你这种人来挖骨头Someone like you comes and digs up the bones,我们应该安排一个经纪人and we're supposed to arrange for a broker去迪拜找个买家 那家伙肯定希望他是街区里唯一to find a buyer in Dubai who wants to be the only guy on his block在房间里有恐龙的人with a dinosaur in his living room.我想知道的是 我为什么要让一个有前科的罪犯What I want to know is, why should I let an ex-convict象猴子一样肆虐我的土地？monkey around on my land?我需要这个I need this.如果霸王龙在那里 她被掩埋了6700万年If that Rex is down there, she's been trapped for 67 million years.我觉得她应该得到新生I think she deserves a new life.我当然希望她能新生Well, I certainly hope she gets one.我期待见到我们的恐龙I look forward to meeting our dinosaur.谢谢Thank you.两种方式偿还 588-7730别是她Not her.我仍然可以...I can still...干嘛？What?别“干嘛” 这本书是“干嘛”的？Don't "what." The book. The book is "what."为什么装进去？Why did you pack it?给伊奇的小东西 当你...Well, it's just a little something I got for eze when you...我知道是什么I know what it is.我不知道我为什么要装进去I don't know why i packed it exactly.我只是想 也许I just thought maybe,我不知道...I don't know...也许让你们有共同语言Might be a little middle ground for you two.那么你留下吗？So, you staying?在我看到骨床之前 还有点为时过早It's a little premature before I've seen the bone bed.但看起来很有希望But looks promising.亲爱的 太好了Oh, honey, that's great.我真为你高兴I'm really happy for you.你觉得伊奇会和你住在一起吗？So, do you think eze's gonna be staying with you?如果有结果 嗯If it turns out, uh,我会考虑的I'll think about it.只是不知道他是否愿意Just don't know if he'd want to.你们两个只是需要点时间磨合You two just need some time.他还年轻He's young.看起来却很老沉 就这样He just seems older, that's all.是的Yeah.他总是这样He always does.事情就是这样的Yeah. That's the way it happens.他们长大They grow up.晚安You have a good night.替我抱他一下Give that boy a big squeeze from me.- 晚安 爸爸 - 拜拜- Good night, dad. - Bye-bye.嘿 怎么了？Hey, what's up?我刚和斯科菲尔德的值班经理通了电话I just got off the phone with the shift manager over at Scofield.他说他的一个钻孔工没来He said one of his drillers didn't show.该死的斯科菲尔德Fucking Scofield.所以 你需要去把这个缺口填上So, I'm going to need you to fill one of these for me.繁荣在减退 公司在倒闭The boom's slowing up. The company's cracking down.这不是私人恩怨It ain't personal.见鬼 他们在测试每个人Hell, they're testing everybody, even folks who got no有没有吸毒史history of abuse.当然Of course,我本可以说你今天早上没露面I could always say you never showed this morning.是的Yeah.你喜欢那个吧？You like that one, huh?你...You...你喜欢马？You like horses?是的 他们很好Yeah. They're okay.当你喂他们的时候 一定要把手放平When you feed 'em, make sure you hold your hand flat这样你就不会被咬到了so you don't get bit.我几天后 就不麻烦你了I'll be out of your hair in a couple of days,那你就不用担心什么了then you don't have to worry about anything.不 我只是...No, I was just...小心点 就这样Be careful, that's all.嗯哼Mmm-hmm.你和爸爸在工作的时候骑过马吗？Did you and dad use to ride horses when you were working?一些时候骑过Sometimes, yeah.是 条件允许的话Yeah, when we could.酷Cool.你在吹什么？What's that you're playing?这根本不能算演奏I'm not sure you could call it playing just yet.比我好多了That's a lot better than I can do.找不到我的卡祖笛 更不用说Couldn't find my sorry way around a kazoo, let alone那个怪物了that monster.我家有个小姑娘I got a little girl back home.比你的孩子小一点A bit younger than your boy.艾米莉Emily.总想给她打个电话Get to call her, or whatever, now and again,只有我能瞒过她妈妈的时候when I can sneak it past her mom.所以 你知道So, you know,我只是想学一首她喜欢的曲子just thought I'd learn a little ditty she liked.摇篮曲A lullaby.那很好啊That's nice.不 这很蠢Nah, it's stupid.嘿Hey!干什么呢？What gives?我们浪费时间We're burning daylight.快走 就在前面Get a move on. It's up ahead.不 她不会的No, she won't.你真的认为你能在一个月内把她弄出来So, you really think you can have her out inside a month.当然 必须的Well, we'll have to.挖这么大面积 时间有点不够了It's late in the year for a dig of this size.请放那边Over there, please.不乱说It's not unheard of.我们得在入冬之前把她弄出来We'll have to have her out before winter, though,否则就得等到下一个季节or, we're looking at having to break till next season.- 你的狗屎？- 谢谢 滑头- This your shit? - Thanks, slick.真了不起 博士That is mighty impressive, doctor.别太兴奋了 我们至少要花两年时间Don't get too excited. It's going to take us a minimum of two years在她能被拍卖之前的实验室里in a lab before she's ready for auction.好吧 我会让我男人起草文件All right, well, I'll have my man draw up the papers.最后一件事 分成Last thing, shares.我们的人平分七成 你拿三成We split our 70. You keep your 30 all to your lonesome.明白了I see.从迪拜来的钱 总是不错的选择 金伯利Sacks of money from Dubai are always an option, Kim.不要不要的Like hell.让迪拜自己去挖霸王龙 这条龙是美国龙Let Dubai dig up its own tyrannosaur. This gal's American.嘿 陌生人Hey, stranger.你要加入文明吗？You gonna join civilization?我很好 谢谢I'm good right here. Thanks.这样行吗？This okay?我看看 这里有什么？Let's see. What have we got here?从我们的姑娘那里有些发现We got some from our gal.还有... 哦And... oh.埃德蒙顿龙的化石碎片Some fragments of edmontosaurus annectens.我念二年级I'm in second grade.抱歉 鸭嘴兽Sorry. Duckbill.霸王龙早餐T-Rex breakfast.漂亮的发现Nice find.你认为爸爸会以我为荣吗？Do you think dad would have been proud of me?安娜 你来看下 拜托Anna, I need your eye over here, please.做什么？伊奇 有什么发现吗？Whatcha doing there, eze? Find something?苏珊娜 啤酒Susanna, have a beer.放松 谢谢Relax. Thank you.这太棒了 看看这个This is going great. Look at this.嘿 伙计们Hey, guys.来看看这个Come look at this.见鬼 看那个头骨Goddamn, look at that skull.大奖Jackpot.你在这里做什么？What are you doing up here?这里有一格信号 我应该检查下天气I get one bar up here. I thought I'd check the weather.你在做什么？What are you doing?检查天气Checking the weather.你觉得怎么样？What do you think?那些云看起来很薄Those clouds sure look mean.我不知道I don't know.记得几年前Remember a couple of years ago.有大风暴We had that big storm.是的Yeah.是 我记得Yeah, I remember.你说梦话You were talking in your sleep.是 我做了个恶梦Yeah. I had a bad dream.有关爸爸的？About dad?什么？What?不No.不No.没关系 你可以对我说说他It's okay. You can talk about him around me.我... 我和内特叔叔经常这样Me... me and uncle Nate do.说说他Talk about him.嘿Hey.过来Come here.我告诉你 她出老千I'm telling you, she's cheatin'.你只是一脸假正经You just got a shit poker face, that's all.一脸假正经的家伙Would a guy with a shit poker face- 有这种牌？- 是的- throw that? - Yes.这正是假正经的表现That's actually exactly what he would do.不用说 你是虚张声势 知道我要怎么做的吗？Needless to say, i called your bluff. Did you see how I did that?好吧 摊牌 伙计 你有什么？Well, we're laying 'em down there, buddy. What you got?看看这些Look at these.这才是假正经国王King pokerface over here.装逼就要装得像Layin' it down full houses, like it ain't no shit.嗯哼Mmm-hmm.是的 我希望你玩点大的Yeah, I bet you wish you were playing for more不只是奶油瓶盖代币 嗯？than just butterscotch and bottle caps, huh?玩真钱吗？You wanna put some real money on it?我认为你没钱Yeah, I don't think you could afford it.就你的牌技Well, the way you're playing,我根本不担心I don't think I'm the one that needs to be worried.我还没出大招 我口袋里还有Well, I'm not out yet. I see I've got some more bullshit here隔壁地里的分成in my pocket that I found out in the field.我们可以重新比赛We can get back in this game here.那是我的赌注That's my ante.现在看看Now look at that.发现了这玩意Found that out there, too.那是什么？What the hell is that?问他Ask him.内特 这不好笑 把他从桌子上拿下来 快点Nate, this isn't funny. Get that off the table. Now.你别把那恶心的东西带到我侄子身边You don't bring that nasty shit out here around my nephew.明白吗？You understand me?嗯？Huh?比利 你听到了吗？Billy, you hear?我说 不要带那个...I said, don't bring that...你真的以为我会把那玩意给孩子？You actually think I'd give that shit to a kid?- 你这个笨瓜... - 弟兄们- You crack head... - Boys!爸爸Dad.嘿 小妞Hey, baby girl.我打电话太晚了吗？Am I calling too late?我不是小孩子了I'm not a toddler anymore.今天是星期五 我可以玩到9:00点And it's Friday. I can stay up till 9:00.我相信你能I'm sure you can.我只是不想让你妈找我麻烦I just don't want to get in trouble with your mom is all.你总是和妈妈有麻烦You're always in trouble with mama.哦 那没错Oh, that's right.那是小狗吗？她在吗？Is that the pup? Is she around?是 在院子里Yeah. Out in the yard.一定以为她看到了什么Must have thought she saw something out back.在你打电话来之前 她疯了She was crazy begging to go out before you called.太糟糕了That's too bad.我想打招呼的I was hoping to say hi.我叫它过来I'll pass it along.她很想念你She misses you.你告诉那个毛茸茸的杂种 我也很想她Well, you tell that shaggy son of a bitch i miss her, too.嘿Hey.我有东西要给你I got something i want you to check out.我得去准备睡觉了I gotta get ready for bed.没关系That's okay.没关系That's all right.你进被窝 也能听You just get yourself tucked in and listen.好吗？All right?麦考伊 暴风来了 我们要回去...McCoy, storm's comin'. We're headed back to...你总是窥探别人的帐篷 还是碰巧被我碰到？You always snooping around everybody's tent, or am I just lucky?我们一直在喊你We've been calling you.那是什么鬼东西？What the hell was that thing?我能给你看点东西吗？Can I show you something?行Yeah.你的艾米丽？This your Emily?那是她在玩狗That's her playing with a dog there.我们叫她“窃笑”We call her snickers.她爱用喜欢的东西命名She wanted to name it after something she liked.她希望那条狗那副样子She wanted that dog in the worst way.麦考伊McCoy.有什么麻烦吗？Are you in some kind of trouble?她也很聪明She's so smart, too.她做词汇纵横字谜She does these little, like, vocab crosswords.她懂“全副武装”She got "panoply."八岁的孩子懂 但我根本写不来“全副武装”几个字Little eight-year-old kid, i don't even know what a panoply is.维斯Wes.她比她的老爸聪明多了She's a lot smarter than her old man.我曾经...I used to...替坏人工作work for some bad people.贩毒集团之类的Cartel kind of bad.我被追捕了一段时间I got caught doing a run and did some time for it.花了很多钱Cost 'em a lot of money.她对那些人一无所知She don't know nothing about those people.何必针对她？Why should she?这让我恶心It makes me sick.因为是我干的坏事'Cause I did that.你可以继续尝试得到...You can keep trying to get...不知何故 继续努力争取领先Just keep trying to get ahead of it, somehow.我试图放弃 试图...I tried to quit, tried to...但是...But it's...我不知道I don't know.有时候我在想 也许我不在身边最好Sometimes I wonder, maybe it'd be best if I'm not around.这真的是你想要的吗？Is that really what you want?我 嗯...I, uh...我也在里面待了一段时间I spent some time inside, too.三年Three years.不会吧？No shit.我猜法官想拿我杀鸡儆猴Yeah, the judge wanted to make an example of me, I guess.我怀孕了 却根本不重要It didn't even matter that I was pregnant.和...With...是的 我甚至都没抱过他Yeah. I never even got to hold him.上帝Jesus.他去和我爸爸住He went to live with my dad因为我丈夫在那时已经不在了'cause my husband was already out of the picture at that point.联邦调查局来找我们 只有我当替罪羊了Then the FBI came down on us, and it was just me left to take the fall我一直说我不知道那是联邦土地 但伊森知道and I kept saying I didn't know it was federal land. It was Ethan who knew.我不知道那是不是真的But I don't even know if that's true.也许我知道Maybe I did.也许我自以为知道Maybe I know I did.我出去后才看到伊奇I didn't even see Ezekiel till after I got out.不是因为我不能 而是...You know, not 'cause i couldn't, but...我回家时 他甚至不知道我是谁And then when I did get home, he didn't even know who I was.所以 我花了所有的时间在这里So, I spent every spare moment out here这似乎是更好的方式'cause it just seemed like it was better somehow.对我们俩来说For both of us.你还是这么想的吗？Is that still what you think?安娜 你来吗？Anna, you coming?如果我们现在不走 就走不了啦If we don't leave now, we ain't leaving.是 我们马上就来Yeah. We're coming.啊...Ah...听说有争吵Heard about the ruckus.那是我应该担心的事吗？That something i ought to be worried about?他会冷静下来的He'll cool off.漫长的日子Long days.大量的工作 嗯哼Lotta work. Mmm-hmm.内特有没有告诉你 我是怎么认识韦斯的？Did Nate ever tell you how I happened to come to know Wes?麦考伊？McCoy?- 我的意思是我假设... - 我是他的担保人- I mean, i guess I assumed... - I'm his sponsor.所以 这意味着... 嗯哼 嗯哼So, that means... Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm.我是说 我们都曾经年轻和犯傻 对不对？Well, you know, I mean, we were all young and dumb once, right?无论如何 我只是觉得让你知道最好Anyway, I just thought it best you know it.我以前处理过100万次了Ain't nothing I've ain't handled a million times before.现在没有什么我不能处理的了Ain't nothing i can't handle now.你不应该偷偷摸摸的You shouldn't sneak up on folks.对不起Oh, sorry.别冻着 进来 外面在下雨Come in out of the cold, at least. It's pissing rain outside.怎么了 你闷闷不乐？So, what's the deal? You moping?我不知道I don't know.我不会逼你说的Well, I ain't gonna yank it out of you.起初我不想跟你一起去Didn't wanna come with, at first.嗯哼Mmm-hmm.现在你很高兴你这么做了？And now you're glad you did?这让我很想我爸爸Well, it makes me miss my dad.妈的 孩子Shit, kid.你知道 爸爸们并不总是按你的需要行事You know, dads ain't always all they're cracked up to be.昨天不代表今天Yesterday don't mean Jack.你拿的是什么？What's that you got there?有人要我把这个给你Oh, somebody told me i was supposed to give this to you.谁？牧场的人？Who? Someone from the ranch?呃 是的 也许吧Uh, yeah, maybe.我以前没见过他I haven't seen him before.听着 嗯...Look, uh...进去Get inside.去睡觉吧Head off to bed.好Okay.别提起那个不认识的人And don't talk to no one else you don't know.操Fuck!下一个是你家小婊子让你的老板接电话 滑头Put your boss on the phone, slick.我有他的骨头I got his bones.你听到我说的了吗？You heard what I said?我受够了他妈的救助I'm tired of talking to the fucking help.教皇会来找你的El papa will come to you.操Fuck!他们对你做了什么？Oh, what did they do to you?行吗？很紧了Well? It's tight.你做得很好 恐龙女士You done good, dinosaur lady.谢了 恐龙小子Thanks, dinosaur fella.哦 我被提拔了Oh. I've been promoted.我去拿背包 然后我们就可以出去了I'm gonna go grab my pack, then we can caravan outta here.- 你有卡车钥匙吗？- 有的- You got the keys to the truck, right?. - Got it.好了 我们走吧Right, let's get going.伊奇 快点 我们走Hey, eze, come on, let's go.- 好的 - 东西都收拾好了吗？- Okay. - You got all your stuff packed?- 没有 - 快 我们装车了- Nope. - Come on, let's load up.我想在太阳落山之前离开这里I wanna get out of here before the sun sets.好的Okay.你都弄好了吗？You got everything?好孩子 来吧 我们走Good boy. Come on, let's go.嘿 内特...Hey, Nate...听着 伙计 我只是想...Look, man, I just wanna...我想说我感觉不好I wanna say I feel bad就因为他妈的纸牌游戏的事情失控了for how things got outta hand at the fucking card game.别反感No hard feelings.内特Nate!- 内特 - 伊奇 趴下- Nate! - Eze, stay down.伊奇 趴下Ezekiel, get down!- 哦 妈的 - 内特- Ah, shit. - Nate!你上车 低头You get in the car and keep your head down.内特Nate!这到底是怎么回事？What the hell is going on?- 待在那里 - 你听到没有？- Stay right there. - You hear me?妈的 妈妈Shit. Mom!伙计们没事吧？Are you guys okay?- 哦 不不 别是钥匙 - 安娜- Oh, no. No, not the keys. - Anna!安娜 你在干什么？上车离开这里Anna, what are you doing? Get in the truck and get outta here.钥匙 我丢了钥匙...Keys! I lost the keys in the...- 麦考伊 - 他到底在干什么？- McCoy. - What the hell is he doing?你们这些混蛋想杀我？You motherfuckers wanna kill me?你最好直接瞄准You better aim straight!听到吗？就待在那里 你没事的You hear me? Stay right there. You're okay.妈妈Mom!我找不到钥匙I can't find 'em.这不值得 安娜 走吧It's not worth it, Anna, come on.我们不能把她留在这里We can't just leave her here.我就说 我们不该相信那个瘾君子I knew we never should have trusted that junkie son of a bitch.哎哟 哎哟 是的 好吧Ouch. Ouch! Yeah, all right.我知道 像火烧一样刺痛I know, it will sting like spitfire,但至少没有脱落but at least it won't fall off.我还是不敢相信我们把她留在外面了I still can't believe we just left her out there.有比恐龙更让人担心的事 博士Well, we have worse things to worry about than that dinosaur, doctor.你要去哪里？麦考伊还没回来Where are you going? McCoy ain't back yet.很好 够了 好吗？你们俩Good. That's enough, okay? From both of you.金伯利 这整件事都是他的错Kim, this whole thing is his fault.我知道 但我还是要去找他Well, I know that, but I'm gonna go look for him anyway.你拿的是什么？What you got there?他说那是为了好运He said it was for good luck.谁说的？Who did?他妈的Fuck.等等 等等 等等 妈的Wait. Wait. Wait, god damn it!人不大 却挺难杀等一下 听我说 好吗？Just wait a minute and listen to me, yeah?你知道我多痛恨干这种事吗？仅仅是对一个他妈的...Just hablar for a fucking...该死... 英语 说英语 现在Goddamn... English, English, right now.结束了 外国佬It's over, gringo.你干脆点You make this easier on yourself.你 还是你女儿You, or your daughter.我可以付钱 好吗？我付钱I can still pay, all right? I can.别做懦夫Don't be a coward.做个好父亲 然后死Be a good father and die.不 我有霸王龙 就在那儿 我有的No. No, no. I have the t-Rex. It's there. I have it.这里？Here?嗯？Huh?图片为证？Pictures. Huh?看到没？See?就像我说的Just like I said.就是今天That's from today.已经装车了It's already loaded up.我该怎么处理一只大的死晰蜴？What I'm supposed to do with a big, dead lizard?嗯？Huh?你他妈的知道什么You know exactly fucking what.拍卖Auction it off.黑市？Black market?最后一只800万美元的死蜥蜴The last one that complete was an $8-million dead lizard.别傻了Don't be stupid.你杀了我 我只是另一具尸体You kill me, I'm just another body.荒地上的坟墓 有什么价值？The grave out in the badlands, what's that worth?你让我把这化石给你You let me get this fossil for you,你会得到比我欠你更多的东西you'll get a hell of a lot more than I owe you.两种偿还方式Two ways to pay.恐龙It's the dinosaur.或者我Or it's me.但你放过我的孩子But you leave my kid out of it.你现在很危险 老兄You're in tight spot to be making threats, hombre.那开枪吧Then do it.今晚？Tonight?今晚Tonight.在石油钻塔At the oil rig.你今晚就能拿到You'll get it tonight.你在这破房子里买了多少张专辑？How many albums you got in this shit house?我不知道 七盘I don't know. Seven.嗯哼Uh-huh.那你最好去拿我的蜥蜴Well, you better go get my lizard因为你只剩下because you only got6.5盘磁带了six-and-a-half tapes left.我们得回去了We gotta go back out there.你疯了吗 安娜？Are you nuts, Anna?你想把她留在外面？You wanna just leave her out there?我们已经完成了所有的工作了 好吗？We already did all the work. Okay?她就在外面 暴露在卡车里She's just sitting out there, exposed in the truck.如果你还记得的话 你没有钥匙Which you don't have the keys to, if you remember.没有人能拿到钥匙Nobody else is gonna get those keys.拜托Come on, hey.放松 进去吧 考虑一下你的儿子Just relax. Go inside. Think about your son.天哪 你说得对Oh, my god, you're right.好Good.谢谢 不 内特Thank you. No, Nate,他很适合he'd fit.- 什么？- 伊奇能从缝隙进去- What? - Ezekiel would fit into the fissure.- 他能拿到钥匙 - 你疯了吗？- He could get the keys. - Are you insane?我中弹了 刚才被枪击中的I got shot out there. I just got shot out there.子弹是射麦考伊的You know the bullet was meant for McCoy.他们没在外面 他们没料到我们今晚会回去They're not still out there. They're not thinking we're gonna come back tonight.你不能再回去了You're not going back out there.伊奇不能再回去了Ezekiel can't go back out there.我可以Yes, I can.我可以帮忙 我可以I can help with this. I can.不No.不 伊奇 你不能No, eze. You can't.妈妈 你说要我帮忙的Mom, you said you wanted my help.让我来吧Let me do this.安娜Anna.安娜 你...Anna, what are you...他妈的Fuck.很好 你做得很好Okay, you're doing great.在哪儿？Where are they?不可能太远They can't have gone too far.伊奇Ezekiel.伊奇Ezekiel.慢慢的向后退Move back very slowly.我要进去 安娜 把他弄出去I'm going in there, Anna. Get him out of there.伊奇Ezekiel.快离开那里 伊奇 快出来Get out of there, now. Eze, come on out of there.- 妈妈 - 不 快 宝贝- Mom. - No. Come on, baby.妈妈Mom.宝贝 快Baby, come on.- 快 伊奇 - 救命- Come on. Ezekiel. - Help.快 把手给我 手给我Come on. Give me your hand. Give me your hand.我被卡住了I'm stuck.我们抓到你了We got you. We got you.求救Call for help.尽量保持镇静 安娜 你听到了吗？Try to stay calm, Anna. You hear me?- 安娜 - 内特打电话- Anna. - Nate! Call someone.你被咬了吗？Are you bit?- 伊奇 它咬到你了吗 - 妈妈 我不...- Ezekiel, did it bite you? - Mom, I don't...- 哦 天啊 - 妈妈- Oh, god. - Mom.你会没事的 宝贝 好吗？You're gonna be fine, baby, okay?哪儿去了...Where's the...只有一个There's only one.好的Okay.好了 准备好了吗？别动Okay, ready? Hold still.好吗？好了Okay? Okay.妈妈 我弄坏了爸爸的手表Mom, I broke dad's watch.没事的 宝贝 我在这里That's okay, baby. I'm here.- 我在这里 - 妈妈 我成功了- I'm here. - Mom, I did it.我知道 宝贝I know, sweetheart.不 我真的做到了No, I really did it.好极了 伊奇Yes. Yes, eze.快 你这坨屎 给我点信号Come on, you piece of shit. Give me something.能听到我吗？Can you hear me?伊奇被蛇咬了 我们在挖掘现场Eze's snake-bit, we're up at the dig site.你得派辆救护车...You gotta send an ambulance...大家都好吗？Is everyone okay?内特？Nate?内特 妈的 说话啊Nate, goddamn it, talk to me.内特 内特Nate. Nate.那边发生什么事了？What's going on over there?喂？Hello?内特Nate.内特叔叔Uncle Nate.内特 你在哪？Nate, where are you?你会没事的吧？Are you gonna be okay?是Yeah.是的 我会没事的Yeah. I'm gonna be fine.只要找到你叔叔 去医院就可以了Just have to find your uncle and get to a hospital.第二口咬的我 所以我毒液较少I got the second bite, so I got the least of the venom.我会没事的I'm gonna be fine.我们得离开这里We just gotta get out of here.好了 呆在这Okay, stay here.看好你叔叔Keep an eye out for your uncle.我要去找个信号弹 把他拦下来I'm gonna go find a flare and flag him down.好的Okay.好的Okay.那愚蠢的东西到底在哪？Where the hell is that stupid thing?内特 我们得谈谈Nate. We gotta talk.麦考伊McCoy!你到底去哪了？后面是什么？Where the hell have you been? What was that back there?别激动Don't get all excited.有人朝我们开枪 我们本来死了People were shooting at us. We could have died.人已经死了People have died.- 内特在哪？ - 你来挖我的东西- Where's Nate? - You come diggin' in my shit,- 我是来挖你的 - 麦考伊？- I come diggin' in yours. - McCoy?我要那些骨头I want those bones.你给我 我的东西You give me what's mine.我不知道你在说什么 她不是你的I don't know what you're talking about. She's not yours.胡说 她不是我的 她一直在我的脚下Bullshit, she ain't mine. She's been under my feet.- 麦考伊 她不是... - 我找到她了 是我- McCoy, she isn't... - I found her. Me.我要带走她 好吗？And I'm taking her, all right?我不会留下她的 别逼我And I don't give a good goddamn what I gotta do to do it.你现在很不爽是吗？Now, you still gotta be all mean and unpleasant?你不该像我一样You don't gotta do this my way.你可以选条好路You can do it the nice way.把钥匙给我Give me the keys.现在别犯傻了Don't be stupid now.用你的科学大脑想想 别犯傻了Use that big science brain you got, and don't be stupid.我觉得有误会I think there's been a misunderstanding.没人想骗你...Nobody's trying to cheat you...我没几年了 恐龙女I ain't got a couple of years, dinosaur woman.我还有五秒I got fucking five seconds.冷静下来Just settle down.没人会生气Nobody's mad.现在没人会兴奋了吧？Nobody's getting excited now. Huh?朋友Friends.兄弟Buddies.对吗？好了Right? Okay.嗯哼Uh-huh.我告诉过你我不想这样McCoy: I told you i didn't want it this way!妈妈Mom!我说了 你不想要这种结果的I told you you didn't want it.我知道你嘲笑我 我知道你笑了I know you laugh at me. I know you laugh.爸爸要回家了 宝贝Daddy's coming home now, baby girl.走 快走Go. Go.把门关上 宝贝Close the door, baby.妈妈 不Mom! No!妈妈 救命Mom, help!闭嘴Shut up.妈妈 不Mom. No.她是我的 妈的She's mine, god damn it!你会把她带给我You'll bring her to me.安娜Anna.安娜 伊奇在哪里？Anna, where's eze?内特Nate.内特Nate.快 快Come on. Come on.他带走了我的孩子He took my boy.会没事的It's gonna be all right.妈妈会做正确的事Your mom's gonna do the right thing.你会知道的You'll see.不No!停车Stop!你也被咬了吗？Did you get bit, too?伊奇？Ezekiel?伊奇？Ezekiel?嘿Hey.我玩真的I meant what I said.你把我弄出去 你这混蛋You get me out of here, you fuck!她安全吗？Is she safe?她安全吗？Is she safe?滚出卡车出来 妈的Get out. Shit.它应该埋在地下的It should have just stayed in the ground.伊奇？伊奇？Ezekiel? Ezekiel?宝贝 你没事吧？醒醒Baby, are you okay? Wake up.说说话啊Say something.伊奇？Ezekiel?说话啊Say something.- 醒醒 - 妈妈- Wake up. - Mommy.你把我们吓死了 孩子You scared the bejesus out of us, kid.都吓死了All out of bejesus now.妈妈Mom.妈妈Mommy.妈妈Mom.妈妈 妈妈Mom. Mommy.你看过扯犊子吗？Have you seen this pile of crap?什么扯犊子？Which pile of crap was that?迪拜发现霸王龙迪拜 嗯？Dubai, huh?我想这不重要 真的Well, I guess it doesn't matter, really.毕竟我们是在荒地We're in the badlands, after all.总有更多的骨头There's always more bones.我们应该告诉博士吗？Should we tell the doctor?不 她很忙Nah. She's busy.就像树的年轮？So, it's like the rings in a tree?正确Exactly.岩石能告诉我们地球的年龄Yeah, the rocks tell us how old the earth is.每层代表了几百万年的里程碑Each line represents a milestone of a few million years.它们告诉我们更多 我们是谁 从哪里来They tell us more about who we are, where we came from.你想去古代吗？Do you ever wish you can go back?亲眼见证一下吗？See it yourself?也许 曾经想Once, maybe.