I wonder if she'll comeback again.I wonder if she comesagain.I wonder if she'llcome back again.I wonder if she comes again.I wonder if she'll comeback again.I wonder if she comesagain. I wonder...I wonder if she comes tonight.I wonder what games we'll play.If she comes again tonight,i wonder what games we'll play.Okay, that sounds fun.Her name's Alice. She's six.Ready or not, here I come.Liam?Where are you?Liam, you're sleep walkingagain.There you are, next to mysister.This isn't funny!I'm gonna tell mom!Liam, you're scaring me.Get away from me!Liam, stop it!Alice! Help me! Alice! Alice so why don't you tell me... A little bit about your nightmare? Male patient I first saw it as a child...Standing in the shadows at the end of my bed. It's hard to describe what it looks like. This figure in the darkness. It didn't have a face. Female patient I wake up. I can't move. Like I'm paralyzed.Male #2 the room gets darker and darker.That's when I know it's coming. Female #2 it happens to me every night. I don't wanna sleep any more. Male #3and there's this pressure on my chest... This huge force. It's like something's holding you down. I feel terrified. Female #3 I knew it was there.I could feel it in the darkness just... watching me. Man #4 I feel trapped.I wasn't able to move any part of my body. I could only move my eyes back and forth. Female #4 and then I saw this figure... Coming towards me and i-- I couldn't make it out, because it was black. Man #5 you'd be surprised how many people are affected.I think some people don't evenlike to talk about it. Female #5 every fiber of your body... Is telling you it's something evil.Male #6 it looks like this old woman, a haggard old woman... With these cold, dark eyes. It's not like a nightmare, it's-- it's something else. Female #6 it had such power. I felt completely helpless.You don't know what it's like. It's like a curse. Male #7 you wanna run, you wanna scream... But it won't let you. The thing was well over six foot. Female #7I think it was seven feet tall. Male #8 it was like this moving darkness. Female #8 it was the greatest terror I've ever experienced. Male #9 the shadow man is violent. Female #9the hag, she takes hold of me.. And I think I'm gonna die. Male #10 well, you know it's coming back. It is always coming back for you. Boy's voice Alice!Were your dreams sweet, mummy?Not as sweet as you.Good morning.Good morning.One, two, three.Always, always, always.Has Henry had his breakfast yet?He had six peanuts!Six.Oh, six.You ready for your test?Yeah.Ah, excuse me.Yes!Who's this?Erm, it's you. You're flying.Oh, super mom!It's very nice.Where am I flying to?I don't know. Nowhere, I guess.Do you like it?I love it.One, two, three.Oh, my gosh, every time.Loser!You can't kiss the artist!Yes, I can!Okay, artist, time to go! Michelleand I kept trying to breathe... And I couldn't breathe...And I was telling myself, like, Michelle, wake-up. Wake-up. Breathe. Get out of bed. Move. Like, do something, you're okay, but I couldn't.So, in turn, her brainis not allowing her...To go into rem-deep sleep.This is what's causing herparasomnia episodes...Sleep talking, scary nightterrors.Seeing things that aren'treally there, yeah.You know, it's a lot more commoncondition than you might think.Even my own daughter, she goesthrough this sometimes.And because of what we know now,it's easily treatable.Hm, today's dream drawing:Who is it?It's meant to be me, flying.Hm, floating more like.If I drew my dreams,I'd get arrested.That's because you're asociopath, Malcolm.Shh, they'll hear.What about you?What about me?What creepy things have you gotlurking in your dreams?Dr. arnolds, the morganshave arrived.I thought they weren't cominguntil 3:00?I told them they were early, butthey seemed a little... on edge.Okay.Why don't you tell me a littlebit about what's been going on?Erm, about two months ago ourbaby boy, he--he passed away... in his sleep.Let it go.Stop it!Charlie... please.I'm so sorry.Um, around the same time,we started to find Daniel, um...Sleepwalking and-- and sleeptalking...Sometimes even screaming.He's had episodes like thisbefore.But then we started to find himasleep, we think...But with his eyes open,chest heaving, trying to talk...But his whole body's paralyzed.Daniel, you've been experiencingsleep paralysis.That's when you thinkyou're awake...But your brain is stilldreaming.You can open your eyesand look around the room...But your body can't move,because you're still asleep.You feel trapped.Your mind tells you that there'ssomething else in the room.Something bad, somethingpressing down on your chest.It's all up here, honey.It's all in our imagination.I know it can be scary, butthere are no ghosts or goblins.See, honey, what didi tell you? Huh?Why don't both of you comeand get one of these? Mm.What do you say?Here, sweetie.Thank you.Thank you.You're welcome.Losing a loved one, as youboth know...Can take a very heavypsychological toll...Especially on children.So I wouldn't be surprisedif this tragedy...Acted as a trigger for Daniel'snocturnal behavior.But, you know, we will run sometests while he's here and...You know, I wouldn't worry.I haven't run into a singleperson...Who's issues haven't beenresolvable.But it's not just him.We've all started having theseterrible dreams.Sleepwalking and sleep talking.I'm sorry, I'm confused...Which one of you is stayingwith us tomorrow night?All of us.Okay.Thank you, my dear.You're welcome. Goodnight.Goodnight, Mr. futterman.And when gretel opened herapron, the pearls...And precious stones werescattered all over the room...And hansel took one handfulafter another out of his pocket.Then was all care at an end andthey lived happily ever after.When the witch died, did shego to heaven?Not everybody gets into heaven.Only the good people, like yourbaby brother.Time for bed, Daniel.I don't wanna go to sleep.Then why don't you do yourmultiplication tables...Like the nice doctor said.So you won't think aboutthe bad things.I don't want it to come again.Oh, sweetie, that's justa nightmare...But this is a good, stronghouse...With good, strong, bravechildren.Show me the money.Grrr. Mini muscle man.Can Alfie sleep with us tonight?Sure.Love you both. Sleep tight.Dr. arnolds!Dammit, cam!Sorry.Oh, gosh.I have to get this coffee toMalcolm in observation.He's probably having a caffeinemelt-down by now.Hey, what do you guys doin that little cave anyway?The observation room?We observe.Oh, that's genius.Two times three is six.Three times three, nine.Four times three, twelve.Five times three, fifteen.Six times three, eighteen.Maybe it's safer if I stayon the couch tonight?You know, just in case...No, I want you here.Close to me.It's gonna be okay,we'll figure it out.What?Alice, you all right?Yeah... yeah, I was just restingmy eyes and I...Um, I nodded off.Why don't you go home?I have this covered.Thanks, Malcolm.Hey.Hey.No, no, they're gonna get me.They're gonna get me.Don't want them to get me.I don't wanna die.Daddy needs a smoothie.Daddy needs a smoothie.Daddy needs...Daddy needs a smoothie.Daddy needs a smoothie.Your daddy needs a smoothie.It's you... yeah, that's right.I don't want it to get me.I don't want it to get me.I don't want it to come again.That's right, who is daddy'sboy? It's you.I don't want it to come again.I don't want it to come again.I don't want it to get me.Hey, boo-boo.Hey, boo-boo-boo.I hate you.I hate you!Mommy... help me.I hate you!Why?I don't want it to get me.What's wrong with my teeth?I hate you!I hate you!Emily, wake up!Wake up.Daniel...Dad!Here's your picture, mom.So what did you dreamabout this time?Niamh!Sorry.It's okay. It's okay, honey.It's just an accident.Just grab your school bag.You... ?Fine.Hey.Hey, what's going on?I'm just tired.There was a boy yesterday, andhe reminded me of my brother.Hey, why don't you go backto bed for a while, huh?You probably only slepta couple of hours?Ready or not, here I come.Liam?There you are, next to mysister.No, Liam, there's no one there.It's just me.Liam!Alice! Help me!Liam!Alice! Alice!You two will be sleepingin here with your parents...So you'll feel nice and safe,okay?What's that?That is a polysomnogram device.It helps us figure out whyyou're not sleeping properly.And this monitors your brainwaves...Your eye movements, your muscletone and your breathing.And this right here measuresyour heart rate.You look like an alien.That's stupid. She does not.Well, not a scary alien, right?Mr. Morgan.It helps me sleep.We had another terrible nightlast night.You got no idea how muchwe need this to work.Oh, believe me, I do.Let's get you back in.There's a night vision camerain the corner of the room...We'll be keeping an eyeon everything...You do while you sleep.So will this stop me fromkilling all the Teddy bears?Can't we just never sleep?Please?I don't want it to come again.You don't want what to comeagain?Daniel, we've already talkedabout this.We're the only ones in the room.Okay? They're just dreams.We need to get a good night'ssleep.That's how we're going to getfixed, sweetie.Will you help me, Dr. Alice?Of course I will. That's my job.Everything's gonna befine. See you in the morning.Did you checkon Mr. futterman?Yes I did, and he's asleep.They're definitely shook up.The father just lost his job.He seems to be drinking.And his knuckles...He says that he's punching thewalls while he's sleep walking..Which is enough to giveanyone nightmares.Do you remember the, er,Mitchell case?It must have been, well, atleast a decade ago now.I don't think so.What was his first name?Dan Mitchell. He was a farmerover in winnetka county.No.Popular guy by all accounts...Went to church every Sunday.Not a bad word to be saidabout him.Anyway, this guy was a chickenfarmer with a few dozen coops.His family and friendsknew him...As a sleepwalker and a sleepworker.Every night he used to go out...And do his farm chores whilehe slept.Fill the feeders, sweep thefloor, clean out the muck.Every night like clockwork.It sounds pretty useful.Yeah, maybe to begin with.Turns out, the whole family hada history of parasomnia.One night, while he was seeingto the chickens in his sleep...He thought there was an intruderin his house.He got into a fight with theattacker...Trying to defend his daughter.By the time they woke him,it was too late.He'd hacked his wife to deathwith a shovel.- That's terrible.- Yeah.And he was really asleepwhen he did it?Well, he passed all the liedetector tests.Even his daughter backed upthe story.Daniel said he didn't want 'it'to come again.What do you think he meantby that?Oh, shit, Mr. futterman's gone.Well, he's probably goneto the bathroom.I'll go and check.Why don't you go and get ussome more coffee.Mr. futterman?I fucking told them.I said no!No! No! No, no.No... I... don't...I don't-- I didn't--I didn't do anything.Ready or not, here I come.Alice, guess where I foundfutterman?He was sleep walking in theshower. Can you believe it?Daniel?Daniel!Malcolm?Oh, my god.Daniel, Daniel just breathe.You're okay. Take it easy,you're all right.You'll be okay. Okay, justbreathe. It'll be all right.That's a good boy.Take it easy. That's it.I won't let you!Let go of me!Dad, no! Stop!Give him back.Dad! Stop!Alice, are you okay?I don't think he knewwhat he was doing.Alice.I think he was sleep walking.Alice, imagineif it was one of his kids...He grabbed by the throat,or hacked up with a shovel!You saw the bruiseson Daniel's chest.That man might not beconsciously abusive...But he's an alcoholic,he's dangerous...And he shouldn't be around them.This was the right thing to do.Alice, you should go home.Be with your family. God...Forget about this for now.Oh!What the hell are you doing?Niamh!You need to stayhome and rest.I'm fine.You're not fine.I am.You do not... fine.You were saying 'help me'...Over and over in your sleeplast night.It was just a dream.It's not a big deal.Alice, you were attacked.It's a big fucking deal!Christ...Alice, what are you doing here?Come here and take a lookat this.Fascinating...They're all in rem sleep, butit's like they're synchronized.Like puppets.Hm.Yeah, except for Daniel.They all seem to be movingaway from him.I've never seen such an intensesleep paralysis episode before.He looks terrified.Hey. Hey, guys. I just wantedto let you know...I don't work for the hospitalanymore.I, er, handed in my resignation,so...What?Dr. arnolds, would you minda word outside?Of course. Nurse pagingDr. Davies. Dr. Davies, please.Cam, are you okay?Look, stay away from thatfamily.Never see them again.Cam... cam, what are you... ?What's that?Oh, nothing, honey.Boring stuff.Work stuff.I'm sorry I yelled at youthis morning.It's okay.Let's get into yourpj's, Danny.Did your father do this to you,Daniel?Then who did?I told you already... it onlycomes when I'm dreaming.From the shadows.I don't want it to get me.I don't want it to get me.I don't want it to get me.Get away from me!Oh, my god.Emily... wake up. Wake up.Mummy, what's going on?Close your eyes, sweetie.Close your eyes.What's going on?Mom, I don't wantto stay here.Ssh! Don't move, honey.Daniel! Daniel!No! Agh!Daniel!Honey?Hey.I'm having that nightmare again.Why didn't you tell me?Because something about thisfeels different.I just... I...I heard that little girl singingthe same lullaby...That Liam sung the nightthat he died and I just erm...I feel like I'm losing my mind.Hey... it's stress,that's all it is, it's stress.Hm?I thought about what you said...And you're right.I need to slow down,and I need to get some sleep.So I'm gonna go into work andI'm gonna ask for some time off.Hallelujah.Dr. arnolds! Please.You know he didn't meanto attack you.You don't understand.It-- it isn't Charlie, it'ssomething else. Something...I think it's trying to pull usapart so it can...Can what?I think it's trying to killmy son.Mrs. Morgan, no one is tryingto kill your son.Your husband--my husband was trying to protectus and you got him locked up!Last night, Emily butcheredour dog...With a pair of garden shears,in her sleep, for god sake!I saw something lift my son'sbed off the ground.I need my husband.I need my husband back!You said you would help us!How could you do this to us?You know, that nightin the ward. I can't...I can't explain it.There was something in the roomwith us.I had to stop it. I'm sorry.You know, people all over theworld, they describe the same...Dark presence during sleepparalysis episodes.We write it off as hypnagogichallucinations, but--I knew it wanted Daniel and itsure as shit wasn't no dream.I hate you!I hate you. I hate you.Emily?Emily?Oh, no, oh, god... Sarah.It's steak.Oh--agh!Sarah! Sarah, wake up!Sarah, it's me.Hey! Help me, please.Daniel.Daniel! Daniel! Daniel!Help me! Daniel! Get in here.Daniel! Daniel!Is he... okay?Wake him up! Wake him up!Daniel, wake up!Wake up, Daniel! Niamh dream, dream, dream, dream, dream.Alice?Hm.Alice?Honey?Alice?Oh...I'm sorry. How's Daniel?He's fine... for now.Look, erm, we can't goto the hospital.What can we do?I don't know.He's gotta be here.Cam?Cam, it's Alice.It's Dr. arnolds, from thehospital.Cam?Alice.Alice, how did you--I'm-- I'm sorry, I can't helpyou. Please, you gotta go.Just leave.My son's life is in danger!Please.You're not gonna likewhat I have to say.Go back home and distanceourself from this family.And, I'm afraid your sonis going to die.There is nothing you can do.What, that's it?Yes. Now, I'm sorry,you gotta go.I'm not going anywhere!Leave now!Cam, don't make me callthe cops on you...For stealing tranquilizersfrom the hospital.Grandpa? Okay... just a minute.Hey, just go back to sleep,okay. Shh... no.These guys are just leaving.It's okay.My grandfather is fine,Dr. arnolds.It's just that those drugs...They're the only way he canget to sleep.Your son has always sufferedfrom sleep talking...And sleepwalking? Hm?Yes.That's how the wretched thingfound him.It seeks out children who areneither asleep, nor awake.For it does not exist in the'real' world...Or in the 'dream' world, but inthe cracks in between.Well, what is it?Grandpa, please.Ah!It's got many names: The ancientGreek's called it mora...The persian's bakhtak.The Japanese kannashibari.I first heard it calledocnitsa.In English--the night hag.Yeah.In olde English, the night-mare.A demon that has existed sinceman first learned to dream.It doesn't exist, they kepttelling me.Just in your imagination.Once a child is chosen...Then it paralyzes the child...In its sleep before crushing it.And then, when it's finishedfeasting...What?!It happened to me.Okay, that's enough.Alice, please, I beg you,just leave him alone.How did you survive then?Another child died in my place.I don't know how...I don't know why.I've spent my whole lifetrying to understand.But the only thingI've learned...Is that there are no answers.There is no helpfor your son.Charlie, look at me.Nothing is going to happento Daniel.We're gonna do everythingwe can. We'll keep him awake.Whatever we have to do.There are always answers.I like you. I, too, was oncefierce.Then I got old. Life's a bitch.Life's a b...Hello.Are the salts working?So far, but he's fading.We should not be here, grandpa.Hello.Here, sweetheart.Hi.Okay, the oxygen should keep himawake for a little while.By now, the thing thatis attacking your son...Doesn't care whether it's dayor night.It knows he's weak.And when he sleeps,it will come.We will find a solution,but until we do...We all need to stay by himand keep him awake.Be strong for your son.You can do that.Thank you, Alice.I used to sleepwalk a lotwhen I was boy, too.It was while I was asleepthat I first saw it.A kind old woman who would singthat lullaby.Come, she said, let's playa game.That's how it got close to me.But then it all changed...When I first saw itfor what it really was.Grandpa, stop it.Tell me, tell me, have you allbeen sleepwalking?Nightmares?The horse.The horse with the white eyes.I hate it.Nightmares, sleepwalking...The same thing happenedto my family.I believe this parasite infectsyour dreams.It knew my family's darkestfears...And used their nightmares todistract them away from me...Allowing it to feed on me,undisturbed.Except for my sister.She was somehow able to save mefrom it.Then she paid with her own life.Daniel, wake up!Get him to the bathroom!Dan, wake up!You can wake'm in the bathroomin the cold water, come on!Wake up!Talk to me. Talk to me.Tell me your name.Come on.Charlie, get my medical bag.I'm not leaving him.Charlie, now!Dan, say something! We can'tkeep him like this, Alice!I know. This will keep you up.Talk to me, Daniel!Please, Daniel!Get him up!Do something!Oh, my god.Here we go.Okay. Okay. Okay.I'm sorry.How long will the adrenalinekeep him awake for?I'm not sure, maybe a couplehours.Can we give him moreif we need to?His pulse is too high. Alice tom?Mom, where are you? I miss you.Oh, honey, I'm just--I'm busy helping someone. Alice is daddy there?Daddy's in the lounge,talking to Malcolm.Niamh I heard them say you're trying to save...Your brother... I thought your brother was dead?Just tell daddy that, erm,that everything's fine, okay?Niamh okay, mom...Okay. But please come home soon. I didn't sleep very well last night without you here.I'll be home very soon,i promise.Okay. Bye. I love you. Alice I love you, too.Sweet red chili flavor...They're good.I'm okay.I understand that you wantto help...But you should go hometo your family.There's nothing more for youto do.Do not lose sight of what'simportant.Saving that boy is important.Saving him is impossible.What you can do is saveyourself.Don't make the same mistakeas me.It drove me to obsession.I was so scared, I couldn'tsleep for years.It's crazy what a personwill do to stay awake.I tried to cut my eyelids off.Oh, god.Come on, grandpa, we should go.You know, I really thoughtthat you might find an answer.When you're fixatedon something...It's as if you're sleepwalking.Time to wake up.Amado... do you think that yoursister was sleepwalking...When she saved you?Hey, energy drink.Hey, psst...You drink this.One more.Hey, good boy.Hey, you remember Christmasa couple of years back?Grandma's house?It snowed hard allChristmas Eve.You were so excited about allyour presents...You couldn't sleep.You came to sleepwith mom and me.You just sat there all night,at the end of the bed.Your eyes wide open.Remember?Do you remember that?So we know this thing pushesus away from Daniel...When it's feeding, right?So what if we could get backto Daniel to protect him?We've been with him before,we can't stop it.Yes, but we were awake.What if we could protect Danielwhile we're asleep?I know, just follow me.My brother saw "it" whenhe was sleepwalking.You, Charlie, saw somethingat the hospital...When you were sleepwalking.Amado's sister notonly saw it...But she could stop it whileshe was sleepwalking.My sister died.We're not children, and there'smore than one of us...So maybe if we can see it,we can stop it.Fucking nuts!You're asking me to protectmy son when I'm asleep!Charlie, we have to dosomething.Daniel is exhausted and I cannotgive him any more medication.He'll be asleep soon.And there's nothing we can do tostop it, this is our only shot.We'll know what to expectthis time.We won't let it push us away.All right.But how am I going to getto sleep?It's heavy stuff.It's just for tonight.So, who's driving, you or me?Okay.It's okay, she's safe now.It's done, Sarah. Give meyour arm, Charlie.Oh, the demon will use ournightmares against us...To draw us away from him.Do not believe yoursurroundings.Return to this room.Return to Daniel.If I fall asleep, will I die?No, honey, I know you're scared.I am, too...But we're going to get throughthis together, all right?Let me test you. This will keepyou awake, okay?What's-- what's-- what's threetimes five?Fifteen.Fifteen, good, and, erm...What's four times five?Twe... twenty.All right, stay with me, honey.What's six times eight?Six times...Daniel? Daniel? Daniel?Amado, are you awake?Nothing's happening to me.Why is no one sleepwalking?Daniel?Daniel?Daniel?Daniel?Daniel?Peter.Hey, Peter. Hello.Hey. Come here.Hello.Why would you say thatabout my teeth? I...It's not real.Help me, Alice! Please!I can't help you.You can, Alice. Please!Remember where you are!Come back!Come back to Daniel!Daniel.Help me, Alice! Please!I can't help you.You're not my brother.Alice!No, my brother's dead.Help!It's Daniel...Agh! Agh!Peter.Oh, no, no! Peter! Peter!Please!Liam!Alice, help me! Alice!Liam!Agh! Agh! Agh!Peter!Liam! No!Please, Alice!Finish what you started!Alice!Liam!Oh, I've got you.I've got you.My brother is dead!Amado?Amado?Amado?Amado?Finish what I started.I'm sorry.You did the right thing.Finally, I can get somereal sleep.Hello. Niamh mom?Hi! How are you, my littleartist? Niamh I'm retired now. Wanna play?Yes. One, two, three. One, two, three. No, that's not fair!I won! You cheated.I did not cheat!Who's the loser now? Best out of three.Okay. Tom okay, sweetie, that's enough. Look, erm, mom and dad need to talk now, okay? - One minute only.- Okay, okay. - One minute.- Okay.I love you. Niamh love you, too. Hey.How is she? Apart from her hamster dying last night... She's, erm, she's fine.Oh, that's awful. Tom how are you?I'm really good, actually.Rested. Wow.Feeling better, better than I'vebeen in years.I don't think that either of us have, er... Slept well since this whole thing happened.I know. Tom...This has been so rough on thetwo of you and I'm so sorry.All my priorities weremessed up.Tom yeah, I know, it's erm, it's okay.I promise from now on, you twoare my first priority.No more obsessing over work.No. Tom Alice? What's wrong, honey?No. Tom, that lullaby,where did she hear that?! Tom honey, calm down. We're okay.- Where did she hear it?- <i> Niamh mom?</i> Tom what are you talking about? What are you...?Where did she hear it? Tom look, please, just calm down!- Alice?- <i> Niamh mom?</i>We're fine. Everything is fine.No, it's not okay! Just relax.Please listen to me. Okay, niamh! Niamh!Tom? Please! You're upsetting niamh!- I wanna talk to my husband!- <i> Please just...</i>- Tom?- <i> Mom!</i>Tom! I... I can't do this anymore!Please... stop it!- Tom! Tom! Tom!- Okay, listen to me...