"迷眼" 前情提要...Previously on "Shut Eye"...我有個壞習慣I have this bad habit總會把我生活中的好事情搞砸of fucking up the good things in my life.而你又對我這麼好And you've been good to me.所以我肯定會搞砸So, of course, I'm going to try to fuck it up.警察 跪下 馬上Police! Get on the ground!沒事的 查理It's okay, Charlie.琳達會說你在助長我的幻想Linda would say that you're feeding my delusion.我是在助長你的好奇心I'm feeding your curiosity,這是在這行業裏永遠不嫌多的東西which is something you cannot have enough of in this business.吉普賽人方索·馬克思Fonso Marks of the Gypsies.你惹上了吉普賽人And you fuck with Gypsies,吉普賽人會幹死你Gypsies fuck you.好吧All right.我問了問題 得到了答案I asked a question, I got an answer.沒傷和氣 對吧No hard feelings, right?我們正處於某種危險之中We are on the precipice of something here.我知道你能感覺到I know you can feel that.你以為我沒有家人嗎You don't think I have someone?這他媽的很難 但我把它藏在心裏It's fucking hard, but I bury it.我把這些情感放在一邊 為了工作I put it to one side for the sake of the work,為了我們要達成的目標for the sake of what we are trying to achieve.回家陪你的家人去吧 查理Go home to your family, Charlie.我有種感覺 福斯特I got a feeling, Foster,我倆會成為好朋友that you and I are going to be great friends.做我朋友規矩可多著呢There are a lot of rules involved in being my friend.而且通常會讓你樹一些新仇家And it usually requires making a few new enemies.實際上詐騙最重要的部分就是The most important part of the con要找好目標 知道嗎is actually identifying the right mark, right,就是準備要下手的對象someone ready to be taken.查理 求你了 接手靜修班吧Charlie, please, take over the retreat.他們和我一樣需要幫助They need help as much as I do.我做不了I can't.瑪姬會在的Maggie will be there.她會告訴你怎麼做的She'll talk you through it.先去帶你做個檢查Let's get you checked out.我覺得這是個好主意I think that's a good idea.查理Charlie?查理 開門 我有禮物給你Charlie, open the door. I have a present for you.是你媽媽送的It's from your mom.我媽在監獄My mom's in jail.你沒聽說過探視時間嗎You never heard of visiting hours?她想讓我給你 快點 開門She wanted me to give it to you. Come on. Open up.把門打開 查理Open the door, Charlie.我的天吶Oh, my God!老天啊 你在幹什麼Oh, my God! Oh, my God! What are you doing?她怎麼辦What about her?我們不是為她來的We're not here for her.我的天吶Oh, my God!小西Syl.起床了 快穿衣服Wake up, get dressed.別煩我 我要睡覺Leave me alone! I just want to sleep!今天是探監日 快點 走了It's visiting day. Come on, let's go.你們好哇 快坐Hi, guys! Sit down!你們真是暖心Look! Oh, you guys are the best!我剛準備去取錢買呢I was just starting to go in withdrawals.你一整盒都抽完了嗎 才過了一周You smoked a whole carton? It's only been a week.當然沒有 大部分我都拿去換特別待遇了No, of course not. I traded most of them for perks.你會為媽媽感到驕傲 我開始明白這的規矩了You would be proud of Mom. I'm getting to know the system.魔術怎麼樣了 寶貝So, how's tricks, guys?你們在阿姨家過得好嗎You having big fun at Auntie's?她家很臭Her house stinks.-是嗎  -她也很臭- Oh, yeah? - She stinks.閉嘴 西爾維婭Shut up, Sylvia.你又有啥心事 小孩What's eating you, kid?除了你在監獄這事嗎You mean other than you're in jail?寶貝Baby.我就是睡不著I just couldn't sleep is all.你從來都睡不著Oh. You never could.我也睡不著Me, neither.他做噩夢了He had a bad dream.昨晚嗎Last night?他像個小孩一樣尖叫著醒來He woke up screaming like a baby.查理 你夢到什麼了Charlie, what'd you dream about?小西 讓我和你哥單獨聊聊 好嗎Uh, Syl, why don't you give your brother and I a minute, huh?好吧 曼尼 你能帶我女兒出去嗎Okay? Manny, can you help my daughter?謝謝Thanks.好了 寶貝Okay, baby.再見Bye!好了All right.發生了什麼事Tell me what's going on.這只是個夢It was just a dream.那個女的 和你做交易的那個The woman, the one that you did deals with,她來家裏了she came to the house,但她不是一個人but she wasn't alone.他們有槍嗎Did they have guns?還有人受傷了嗎And, uh, someone got hurt?你認識珍妮·狄克遜夫人嗎[預言家 曾多次猜中美國總統選舉結果]Do you know who Jeane Dixon is?白宮的占卜師The White House Psychic?我聽說第一夫人 她如果...I hear the First Lady, she won't even...她如果不咨詢她 就不會採取任何行動she won't even make a move without consulting her.我在裏面讀了她的書And I read her book a while back,她說自己曾經做過那種夢and she talks about these sort of dreams然後成真了she has that come true.她很久以前就預見肯尼迪被刺殺Like, she saw Kennedy get shot long before it ever happened.他們把這個叫"先兆"They're called premonitions.對 沒錯 就是Yes! Right! Okay, yes.如果你的夢也是其中之一呢So, what if your dream is one of those?你說靈媒是騙子You said psychics aren't real.我知道 但...Yeah, I know, I know. But...我昨晚做了同樣的夢I had the same dream last night.查理...Charlie...他們射殺了她they shot her.他們射殺了你阿姨 對不對They shot your auntie, right?我的天吶 這樣Oh, my God. Um, okay.你得把你妹妹接上 然後趕緊離開那裏You need to get your sister, and you need to get out of there.-你在說什麼  -這就像肯尼迪遇刺事件- What are you talking about? - It's like JFK.查理 這是警告 他們要來殺你們了Charlie, this is a warning. They are coming for you.-聽我說 他們來了  -該走了 哈弗福德- Listen to me. They are coming. - Come on, Haverford.-這不是夢  -走吧- It's not a dream. - Let's go.查理 聽我的話 帶上妹妹快跑Charlie, listen to me. Get your sister and run!趕緊 你聽見了嗎Don't wait. Do you hear me?!-你遲到了  -我繞了點路- You're late. - I, uh, took a little detour穿過了"陰陽魔界"through the Twilight Zone.你沒對我撒謊 但你也沒說實話You're not lying to me, but you're not telling me the truth.你覺得你看我看得那麼準嗎You think you can read me that well?一天比一天准Better every day.肯定有事發生了 因為你陰陽怪氣的態度Something happened to you, hence the sour demeanor.不 我只是擔心帕斯No, I'm just worried about Paz.現在你在撒謊了Now you're lying.你為什麼不呢Why aren't you?-不什麼  -擔心帕斯- Aren't I what? - Worried about Paz.我和他談過後就不太擔心了Not so much since I spoke to him.他好像很穩定 冷靜He seemed stable, calm.我想醫院應該給了他藥物I think they gave him meds.那確實有用That'll do it.我想感謝你這週末救了我一命[也有屁股的意思]I wanted to thank you for saving my ass this weekend.你還記得我的屁股 對吧You do remember my ass, don't you?那天你好像對它You seemed pretty preoccupied with it-挺專注的  -瑪姬 求你了- the other day. - Maggie, come on.我只是想讓你放鬆一下Oh, I am only trying to break you out of your funk.你泰然自若 查理You're poised, Charlie.這週末你一定會很棒的You're gonna do great things this weekend.會拯救很多靈魂You're gonna help a lot of souls.然後給你賺很多錢Make a shit-load of money for you.給我們賺很多錢Make us a shit-load of money.對 "我們"Right, "Us."這是什麼What's this?這是你遠離家的新家This is your home away from home.沒WIFI 沒小酒吧嗎No Wi-Fi, no mini-bar?帕斯在靜修期間更喜歡簡單的Well, Paz preferred a simple, Gandhi-esque lifestyle甘地式生活風格while in the confines of the retreat.甘地是禁慾主義的忠實信徒Gandhi was a big believer in celibacy.對 研討會前不做愛Yeah, no sex before seminars.明智之言Wise words.怎麼了 查理 告訴我What is it, Charlie? Tell me.你有什麼煩心事What is bothering you?就是這裏 對不對It's here, isn't it?你幫帕斯傾聽宇宙的地方Where you helped Paz hear the universe?沒錯Indeed.這裏是完美的催眠環境It is the perfect environment for hypnosis.-或者控制  -或是治療- Or manipulation. - Or therapy,看你站在什麼立場depending on your point of view.你的立場是什麼 瑪姬What's your point of view, Maggie?你應該試試You should try it.真的很撫慰人It's really rather soothing.不用 謝了No, thanks.我就算了I'll pass.來吧 我來給你介紹下團隊其他成員Come on. Let me introduce you to the rest of the team.各位 這位... 這位是查理Folks, this... is Charlie.大家好Hello, folks.我們有數據收集 活動佈置We have data collection, event staff,營銷 和保安marketing, and security.你已經見過伊麗莎白了And Elizabeth you've already met.叫我麗斯就好Liz, please.好吧Oh, right. Yeah.我稍微調整了一下你週六的行程I've been tweaking your schedule for Saturday.-我想跟你過一遍  -我得打個電話- I'd like to go over it with you. - I need to make a call.帕斯在靜修的時候從來不用手機Paz never used the phone on retreat.我不是帕斯I'm not Paz.我沒明白...I don't...就用右鍵加速 就在那You just accelerate with the right-trigger. Right here.右鍵 好的好的Right trigger. Okay, okay, okay.-按住了  -好 我的天- Hold that one. - Yeah. Oh, my God!有個轉彎 有個轉彎 左轉彎There's a turn. There's a turn. There's a left turn.-我不明白  -你能轉彎嗎- I don't understand! - Can you turn?我的天 好 上檔Oh, my God. Shift up, okay.好 按B鍵All right. Um, B!-B鍵 按B鍵  -我在按啊 等等- B! B! Press B! - I'm doing B! Wait, wait.這太辣雞了This is shit.-親愛的  -嗨 你怎麼樣- Hi, honey. - Hey. How you doing?我好著呢I'm good. Still good.我不是想打擾你Yeah, I don't mean to bother you,就是想知道你好不好I just wanted to make sure you're all right.你沒打擾我 自從我懷孕之後You're not a bother. You just haven't called this much你都沒有這麼勤快地打過電話since I was pregnant.有話直說Trying to tell me something?快閉嘴吧Shut the fuck up.你那邊怎麼樣 有沒有滿懷平靜與真理How's it going out there? You full of peace and truth?的確是滿懷著些什麼I'm definitely full of something.只是這不是我的觀眾 這... 不是我的風格It's just not my audience. It's... It's not my style.放屁 你能搞定的 我靠Bullshit, you'll be great. Oh, shit!怎麼了 你... 你還好嗎What? You... Are you all right?就是廚房出了點狀況Yeah, yeah, just a kitchen crisis.我得掛了I got to go.好的 拜拜Okay, bye.-再來一局吧  -不打了- Come on, one more. - I can't.-就一局  -你玩得太好了 而我又這麼菜- One more. - You're too good. And I suck!-來嗎  -不了- Come on. - No.-我們可以在同一邊打  -不行- We can be on the same side. - Unh-unh.是醫院打來的嗎So, uh, was that the hospital?不 是查理No. Charlie.都打來無數次了Checking in for the umpteenth time.-這不很好嗎  -也很有控制欲- Oh, well, that's nice. - And controlling.自從他離開之後 每個小時都打來電話Since he left, he's been calling every hour on the hour.我明白他的感覺I know how he feels.帕斯現在很好 他正在得到需要的照顧Paz is in a great place. He's getting the care he needs.我知道Yeah, I know.我想... 只是...I guess it's... It's just that...說實話 我有點擔心自己Honestly, I'm a little more worried about me.我是說...I mean...如果帕斯再也聽不到了怎麼辦what if Paz never hears again?他曾是我... 我的媒介He was my... my conduit,我的老師my teacher.帕斯一直都在身邊支持我I mean, Paz has been there for me forever.如果他不好起來 我... 我也不知道If he doesn't get better, I just... I don't know.我不...I don't...我不知道還有誰能幫我...I don't know who will be there for me...和我的孩子and my baby.我會的I will.走吧 兄弟 該下班了Come on, partner. It's quitting time.一起喝一杯吧 我請客Let's go get a michelada. My treat.我很想去 不過I'd love to, but I suspect今天我得挑燈夜戰 所以...I'll be burning the midnight oil this evening, so...走吧 快點Let's go. Come on.有什麼我能幫忙的嗎Something I can help you with?沒有Nope. No.確定嗎You sure?當然Yeah, yeah.只是...It's, uh...有些家務事family business.好吧Ah, okay.不過我們改天一定去But I'll take a rain check.說定了You got it.回家吧Go home.享受一下家庭時光Enjoy an evening with the family.好吧All right.Vaya con Dios[西語: 上帝與你同在]Vaya con Dios.啥What?我得教教你西班牙語I got to teach you Spanish.準備Jun-bi.最好是好消息This better be good.跟這高斯巴雪茄一樣好嗎[頂級雪茄品牌]As good as this Cohiba?不錯呀 小伙子Nicely done.現在 我已經不是污穢了Now that I'm no longer marime,我想找長老會的老大咨詢一下I had hoped to seek the counsel of my Rom Baro尋求智慧的建議for some sage advice.好 繼續說Yeah. Yeah, go ahead.抓緊點時間Just make it snappy.是這樣的Okay. Here's the thing.我有一個... 有過一個租戶I have a t... had a tenant開始不交租金了who stopped paying his rent.-他怎麼了  -我不知道- What happened to him? - I don't know.消失了Disappeared.但根據租約條款But according to the terms of his lease,我有權利沒收裏面I'm within my rights to confiscate所有的東西whatever was left behind on the property.方索 你找到什麼了What'd you find, Fonso?等著看吧Wait till you see this.關上門Close the door.顯然 已經有了潛在買家...Apparently, there's a buyer in place...一個叫科爾德羅的摩托手 我不知道...a biker named Cordero. I got no idea...行了 你越界太多了All right. You're in over your fucking head here.我會處理好的I'll handle this.然後給你們家族分一部分I'll throw your family a percentage.你人太好了You're too kind.這並不代表你不是個垃圾Doesn't mean you're not a piece of shit.我明白I realize that.有火嗎 查理You got a light, Charlie?媽Mom.你抽太多煙了You smoke too much.的確Well, that's true.也喝太多酒了And you drink too much.只是你這麼說According to you.你還吸太多毒And you snort way too much.玻璃房子裏的人不應該...People in glass houses shouldn't...... 光著屁股走來走去 或者管他原話怎麼說呢[搬石頭砸自己腳]...walk around naked, you know, or whatever the fuck it is.能不能有話快說Can we just get on with it?因為我早上還要開個研討會'Cause I need to lead a seminar in the A. M.你要開研討會嗎 厲害哦You have a seminar? That's fancy.能不能讓我借個火Can I just get a light, please?媽Mom!完美Nice.你到底在這兒幹什麼What the hell are you even doing here?什麼... 這應該你說吧What... You tell me.是因為史力迪尼結嗎Is this about the Slydini knot?因為我已經跟你說過無數遍...'Cause I've told you a thousand times...當你在監獄裏探望我的時候When you visited me in prison.當我在監獄裏探望你的時候...When I visited you in prison...我不是故意的 媽I didn't do it on purpose, Mom.查理 這不重要Charlie, it doesn't matter.這是命運 注定要發生It was fate, meant to be.你做沒做 都是一樣的結果If you did it or not, it is what it is.我不相信命運I don't believe in fate.你最好開始相信Well, you better fucking start.為什麼 因為關於我妻子的幻象嗎Why, because of my vision about my wife?琳達 對嗎 她看起來人很好Linda, right? She seems so nice.是我喜歡的類型She's my kind of gal.真希望我能見到她I wish I'd met her.不過 查理 這不是幻象But, no, Charlie, this is not a vision.是"先兆"This is a premonition.就是這樣Gotcha.怎麼了How's that?記得我們共同的先兆嗎Remember that premonition we shared?記憶猶新Like it was yesterday.西爾維婭和我沒有被綁架Sylvia and I weren't kidnapped.姨媽也沒被殺Auntie wasn't killed.可能那不是重點Hmm, mm, maybe that wasn't the point.等等 這他媽是什麼意思Wait. What the fuck does that mean?也許它還有別的想法Maybe it had something else in mind.-"它"是啥  -命運 傻瓜- What is "It"? - Fate, stupid.我告訴你過 我不信命I told you, I don't believe in fate.那你信什麼 查理Then what do you believe in, Charlie?好問題Great question.好吧...Hmm. Well...你最好在明早該死的研討會之前you'd better find an answer before your Goddamn seminar想出答案 對嗎in the morning. Right?你要吸一口嗎You want a bump?不是說你Not you.老天 媽媽Jesus, Mom.放鬆點 孩子 問題不是Relax, kid. The question is not,"有沒有神明""Is there a higher power?"問題是The question is,"為什麼神明這麼混蛋""Why is the higher power such an asshole?"約瑟普上鉤了嗎Did Josip take the bait?上鉤了 魚鉤 魚線 沉子都好了[一切準備就緒]Yeah, he took the bait. Hook, line, and sinker.下一步是什麼What would be the next step?我們等我的人拿著現金出現We wait for my guy to show up with the cash.你的合夥人那邊怎麼樣了What about your partner?一點都沒懷疑Suspects nothing.我知道 但是他們呢 蘭科家族I know, but what about them, you know? The Rankos.噓Shh.我的意思是 如果長老會瓦解了I mean, if the Council dissolves.我們會組建一個新的長老會...Well, we'll form a new one......由新的人領導...with new leadership.由馬克思家族領導With the Marks family on top.準備Jun-bi.我不是帕斯...I'm not Paz......很顯然...obviously.我做不了他能做的Uh, I can't offer what he could,但是我一直在旁邊 我看見了一些東西uh, but I've been around. I've seen things.我也學到了一些東西I've learned things.我希望你們能給我一個機會And I want you to give me a chance和你們分享那些東西to share some of that with you.我的方式有一些不一樣My approach is quite different.有些人甚至可能會覺得嚴厲To some, it may even seem harsh.我的意圖是想要提供挑戰而不是冒犯My intent is not to offend but to challenge.挑戰讓你往內心看Challenge you to look inward,看看是什麼讓你們今天來到這裏to see what it is about you that pushed you here today,來給你們當頭一棒to kick you in the ass.來幫助你們...To help you...幫助你們 不再做To help you, uh, stop being passengers自己生命中的過客in your own lives.讓你掌控自己的人生Get you behind the wheel.不管你們中一些人從我所在行業的其他人那裏聽到了什麼Despite what some of you have heard from others in my trade,人生沒有路線圖there is no road map.也沒有命運或者There is no such thing as fate宿命之類的東西or destiny.你的道路不是預先決定的Your path is not pre-determined.這裏沒有宇宙定位系統There's no cosmic GPS告訴我要去哪裏 要走多遠telling me where or how far to go.我準備好了And I'm ready.我準備好丟掉這該死的路線圖然後去挑戰I'm ready to throw out the fucking map and go off-road.誰跟我一起Who is with me?我說 "誰跟我一起"I said, "Who's with me"?他要失去他們了He's losing them.也許只是那些嬉皮士 他們本來就是來做瑜伽和按摩的Maybe the hippies, but they're here for yoga and massage.看看剩下的人 那些年輕人Look at the rest of them, the young ones.-底線就是...  -他在接近他們- The bottom line is... - He's reaching them....宇宙不為我們服務...the universe doesn't work for us.把這段拿出來 我要放在網上Let's get this out. I want it online.它根本不在乎...It doesn't give a shit about...我們看看查理·哈弗福德能不能迅速火起來Let's see if Charlie Haverford can go viral.這取決於我們所有人 我們所有人It's up to all of us, all of us,來決定事情的進展to decide for ourselves how things shake out.你想去哪裏 你想做什麼Where do you want to go? What do you want to do?你想和誰一起分享這段旅程And who do you want to share this journey with?你想做一名遊客嗎Do you want be a tourist?你只想要站在邊上旁觀嗎Do you want to stay on the sidelines and just watch?不No.你想要掌控自己的人生You want to get behind the wheel and drive.-是的  -那麼就說出來- Yes. - Then say it.-我要掌控自己人生  -再說一遍- I want to drive. - Say it again!我要掌控自己人生I want to drive.你在哪Hey, where are you?我馬上就來 好的I'll be right there. Okay.該死Shit!-你好  -你好- Hey. - Hi.那 你媽媽什麼時候回來So, when does your mom get home?我真的不知道I don't really know anymore.有時候諾婭過來Uh, sometimes Nora comes over,有時候我媽去諾婭家and sometimes my mom goes to Nora's.諾婭是誰Who's Nora?我爸爸的醫生 心理醫生什麼的Uh, my dad's doctor, therapist, or something.-他還好嗎  -他們不太跟我說- Is he okay? - They don't tell me much,但從我偷聽到的來說 他在變好but from what I hear from the walls, he's doing better, yeah.所以 為什麼你爸爸的醫生還一直來你家So, then, why does your dad's doctor keep coming over?我不知道 她懷孕了I don't know. She's pregnant.我媽媽喜歡她My mom likes her.我也不清楚 我的家人都很瘋狂Yeah, I don't know. My family's fucking crazy.我為你瘋狂I'm crazy about you.已經兩周了 我明天之前就要拿到租金It's been two weeks. Now, I want the rent by tomorrow,不然我就毀了你的店or I'm going to raze your shop把它變成我的私人停車場and make it into my own, personal parking garage.明白了嗎 別逼我幹這事 我知道你是個好人We clear? Don't make me do that. I know you're a nice man.不好意思Excuse me.-你好  -寶馬車呢- Hi! - Where's the Bimmer?查理不想讓我開那車Charlie doesn't want me driving it.現在他就像是自助式巡迴演出的搖滾明星Now that he's a rock star on the self-help circuit,他不希望有任何不當行為的痕跡he doesn't want any hint of impropriety.-他說的嗎  -嗯- His words? - Yeah.聽起來很混蛋Sounds like an asshole.所以你全天呆在店裏了So you in the shop full-time now?是啊 看起來是這樣的Yeah, seems that way.-說曹操曹操到  -等會兒見- Speak of the devil. - I'll see you later.-喂  -好啊- Hi. - Hey, there.-我要開免提嗎  -是的 不好意思啦 我在工作- Am I on speaker? - Yeah, sorry. I'm working.聽著 我們在考慮增加一個週末So, listen, we're thinking about adding another weekend.-"我們"  -是的 不好意思- "We"? - Yes, sorry.琳達 我是瑪姬Linda, it's Maggie.麗斯和亞當也在這裏Liz and Adam are here, as well.哈弗福德夫人 你好 別介意我們Hi, Mrs. Haverford. Don't mind us.帕斯怎麼樣了How's Paz doing?好很多了 應該很快就能出來了Much better. Think he'll be out soon.查理 他一直在找你Charlie, he's been asking for you.他希望出來的時候能去看看你He wants to come visit when he gets out.噢 我會派輛車的Oh, I'll send a car.我覺得我可以開車送他過來I was thinking I would drive him myself.-那尼克怎麼辦  -我也把他帶上- What about Nick? - I'll bring him, too.讓他看看你在幹嘛也挺好的Be great for him to see what you've been up to.當然 聽起來不錯Sure, that sounds great.可能等你到了這裏Maybe wait until you get here再告訴他"不准用手機"的規則to tell him about the "No phones allowed" Rule.-那肯定  -我得掛了- Hey, you bet. - I got to go.不好意思 在靜修班開始之後I'm sorry, but we can't give refunds就不能退款了after the retreat has already started.你可以看看你的合同條款...If you'll look at your terms and conditions...我不關心這些合同條款I don't care about the terms and conditions.馬蒂 馬蒂 怎麼回事Marty, Marty. What's going on?你好啊 查理Oh. Hey, Charlie.馬蒂正在表達Marty here was just expressing his dissatisfaction對我們新方式的不滿with our new direction.這不怪你 是我 我就是...It's not you. It's me. I just...我想也許我的自我幫助需要多一點關注I think maybe I need a little more coddling with my self-help.那完全沒問題That's totally fine.我的方法也不是適用於所有人的My techniques are not for everyone.所以我想新的你和舊的我Yeah, so I guess the new you and the old me只是不太適合just aren't a great fit, then.如果你們不能從中得到什麼收穫Well, we wouldn't want you to stay我們也不能要求你留下來if you're not getting anything out of it.給他退款Give him his refund.-我不能...  -照做- I'm not allowed to... - Do it.我不用穿些奇怪的衣服 對嗎I don't have to wear anything weird, do I?定義一下"奇怪的"Define "Weird."我也不知道 像長袍之類的I don't know, like a toga or something.更像是空手道裝備或者你打網球穿的那些More like a karate outfit or something you play tennis in.哦 好的Oh. Okay.聽起來不錯 我覺得That sounds cool, I guess.不幸的消息 這一條很難處理Unfortunately, this one's being stubborn.我想去 我真的想去I want to go. I really do.只是我這周都要待產 你知道的It's just, you know, I'm on-call this weekend.-我知道  -你知道- I know. - You know I tried-我想擺脫這事的  -我知道- to get out of it. - I know!所以 我...我覺得這應該沒問題的So, I'm... I'm thinking this would be good.-放嬰兒床嗎  -嗯哼- For the crib? - Mm-hmm.-嬰兒床  -是啊- The crib? - Yeah.諾婭準備和我們住一起Nora's going to stay with us已經很接近預產期了once she's closer to her due date也許沒多久就要生了and maybe a little after.三角式And triangle pose.啊 謝謝你Yeah. Thanks.保持呼吸Steady breathing.武士二式Warrior II.雙手放在心臟中心Hands at your heart center.哦...天哪Oh... my God.看看是誰啊Well, well.蘭博基尼接送呢Look what the Lambo dragged in.-怎麼 沒停車員嗎  -這也不是停車場- What, no valet? - Nor is this the parking lot....吸氣吐氣......in and out...寶貝 我想這裏是自助停車的Babe, I think they just got self-parking.哦 真噁心Oh, that's disgusting.我知道 但你不會介意的 對吧I know, but you don't mind, right?不是針對你 寶貝Not for you, sweetie.我想你I miss you.你一直都好忙You've been busy.在國外忙嗎Going international?我都不知道他是哪個國家的I have no fucking clue what country he's from,坦白說 他叫啥名字我也不知道or, to be honest, how to pronounce his name.好像是托騰什麼的It's like Totten-something.托騰博格嗎 鬼知道Totenberg? I don't know.我一直管他叫坨坨I've been calling him Toto.-他覺得這樣叫很可愛  -維加斯的獵物嗎- He thinks it's cute. - Vegas mark?是吧 他像是皇室的還是什麼Yeah, he's, like, royalty or something.我只知道...他太他媽有錢了All I know... He's got a shit-ton of Euros.給你付了整容的錢Pay for that?還有別的呢Among other things.你他媽來這兒做什麼Why the fuck are you here?更像是做"更好的銀行賬戶"吧[諷刺"做更好的自己"]More like building a better bank account.眼鏡太他媽丑了The glasses are fucking ridiculous.他在哪兒Where is he?-我老大哥在哪兒  -忙- Where's my big bro? - Busy.對了 你應該向某個人道歉In the meantime, there's someone here you owe an apology to.想想吧 小子 第一次行騙技術就那麼好To think, man, you're that good at your first con.你在開玩笑嗎Are you kidding me?潛力無限啊 小傢伙Got a lot of potential, kiddo.下次我再去維加斯 你真的應該和我一起Next time I go to Vegas, you should definitely come with me.別放在心上 當時我很需要錢Don't take it personally. I needed the money.你甚至不知道到底能不能行You didn't even know if it was going to work.有好處自己跳出來 你只是剛剛好佔了便宜A situation presents itself, you take advantage of it.這是我們做事的首要規則That's kind of the first rule of what we do.所以你賣了自己的親侄子 這就是你做的嗎So you burn your own nephew? That's what you do?我知道 之前發生的一切都太糟糕了I know. It sucks how it all had to happen.喂Hey!我需要錢來去掉這個疤I needed it to fix this.我的臉就是我的事業...My face is my business, and...但這事業就不他媽提了business was shit.那事僅此一次 對不起It was a one-time thing. I'm sorry.我保證再也不會發生了It won't happen again.整容水平挺高的They did a good job.真的嗎Right?幸虧有你 我這"事業"才能興旺發達Thanks to you, business is booming.好了 好了Okay, okay.你沒有加入我You didn't join me.我在想為什麼I'm wondering why.這是神聖的地方This is a sacred place.我知道啊 你說過的I know. You told me.在你拍我一巴掌之前Just before you smacked me one.那事我很抱歉I'm sorry about that.我常常在這裏尋求慰藉I often found solace here,但現在我只覺得自己不潔and now all I feel is just unclean,毫無價值...unworthy...毫無價值還是解脫Unworthy or unclenched?噢Oh.絕對是囚困Definitely clenched.我很迷茫 很恐慌I feel confused. I feel scared.你現在一團糟You're a mess.沒錯Agreed.但我知道你在痛苦什麼But I know what you're going through.我知道你的感覺 你感覺孤獨I know how you feel. You feel lonely.你覺得被拋棄 你感覺自己...You feel abandoned. You feel like......辜負了...you've failed.但是 你辜負了誰呢But who have you failed?我的朋友 我的家人My friends, my family,-我的...  -不是- my fo... - Wrong.你迷茫恐慌You feel scared and confused是因為你害怕自己辜負了宇宙because you fear you've failed the universe.我不知道I don't know.你覺得宇宙拋棄了你You think the universe is looking down你這個宇宙的媒介on you, its conduit,對你感到失望 憎惡disappointed and disgusted.並且你想不通為什麼會這樣And you just can't figure out why.我告訴你 帕斯 一切都搞砸了And I'm here to tell you, Paz, that's fucked up.不能因為宇宙和我們對話Just because the universe speaks to us,就意味著他 她或它就不會滿口胡言doesn't mean that he, she, or it isn't full of shit.為什麼我們總認為自己是問題所在Why do we always assume we are the problem?為什麼就不能是宇宙有時候出錯了Why can't the universe be wrong sometimes?為什麼宇宙不能自負 可憐Why can't it be vain, petty,或者直接點 是個傻逼玩意兒and quite frankly, an asshole?你知道的 他們說宇宙以神秘的方式運作You know, they say the universe works in mysterious ways.為什麼 為什麼都很神秘Why? Why all the mystery?為什麼他媽的不能直接告訴我們這一切意味著什麼Why can't it just fucking tell us what it all means?它在害怕什麼What is it afraid of?我愛你 查理I love you, Charlie.雖然傾向於風車一邊 但是老兄 你行的[暗喻查理是堂吉訶德]Tilting at windmills, but you own it, man.我不知道還能做什麼I don't know what else to do.我不能說我認同你的宇宙論I can't say I hold with your cosmology,但...but...我被你的奮鬥激勵了I'm inspired by your struggles.你夠膽You got guts.你從不言棄You never give up.我想重新加入這場戰鬥I would like to rejoin the fight.現在 一旦打開 這個app就會傳播 記錄Now, once launched, the app will broadcast, record,轉錄你聽到的或說的任何聲音and transcribe everything you hear or say.-所以我要做的就是說話嗎  -是的- So all I got to do is talk? - Yeah.現在試試吧Now, why don't you try it.對著它說 然後看屏幕Talk into it and watch.測試Testing.測試Testing.好 我來重申下Okay, let me reiterate.必須讓特納承認 他知道It is imperative that Turner acknowledge這些武器是偷來的these weapons as stolen goods他和科爾德羅談了一個合理的價格and that he negotiate a fair price with Cordero.明白嗎Hmm?知道了Got it.我也重申一遍And let me reiterate.我為你們做這事兒...I do this thing for you......是要保我家人平安......my family stays safe...永遠forever.家人Family,只包括麗塔·馬克思和你兩個女兒...as defined by Rita Marks and your two daughters...只有她們三個only.你的商業夥伴呢 布斯塔曼特What about your business partner, Bustamante?你也準備好讓他進監獄嗎Are you prepared for him to go down?喂 今晚沒人進去好嗎Whoa. Nobody is going down tonight, okay?如果做這事會進監獄If this leads to an arrest,那我們也沒有了底牌而且還毀了真正要做的事we'll have shown our hand and destroyed our case.這只是個見面會 方索This is just a meet-and-greet, Fonso.沒有別的Nothing more.我清楚明白地收到你的意思了I read you loud and clear.我們的所有物和自我價值沒有什麼不同Our belongings are no different than our own self-worth.是我們...It is us...決定了他們的價值who determine their value.他說過絕不要賣掉它He said to never sell it.他說過"沒有任何東西可以凌駕於He said, "No price could ever be put它的價值之上"on its worth."他知道我不需要錢He knew I didn't need the money.對你來說 這不是缺錢的問題...For you, it wasn't about the money...不像你和他的關係unlike your relationship with him.好吧 他是一個施與者 他給予我們想要的一切Well, he was a provider. He gave us everything we wanted.但你願意把一切都還給他 只為換回和他多一天在一起But you'd give it all back for just one more day with him.他在我出生那天給了我這份禮物...He was given it as a gift the day I was born...他說那是他生命裏最幸福的一天the happiest day of his life is what he told me.現在你明白了 錢換不來更多的時間And now you know that money can't get you back更換不來某個人的愛any more time, nor someone's love.但是 在所有這些忽視和傷痛之下But underneath all that neglect, all that pain,有一個更好的你lives a better you.解放你自己 朋友Free yourself, friend.讓我們幫你做更好的自己Let us help you build someone better.你想做更好的自己嗎Do you want to build someone better?-應該回答是嗎  -不- Yes? - No, I'm the one是我在問你問題asking you the question.你想做更好的自己嗎Do you want to build someone better?你想做更好的自己嗎Do you want to build someone better?-我想做更好的自己  -很好- I want to build someone better. - Yes!女士們 先生們Ladies and gentlemen,向大家介紹 "偉大"的查爾斯I would like to introduce you to Charles the Magnificent.謝了 我本想表演個節目的Ah, thank you. I would love to put on a show,但很不幸but, unfortunately,跟以往一樣 我妹妹毫無準備就來了like usual, my sister comes unprepared.真的嗎Or does she?我猜是剛偷的吧Freshly stolen, I presume?最好的那種啊The best kind.諾婭沒來嗎Nora didn't make it?沒 工作呢No. Work.帕斯這狀態之後 她怎麼樣了How is she getting on after all this Paz business?我想她正因為幫不上忙而喪氣呢I think she feels bad she couldn't do more.她本來就啥都幫不了Mm. There's nothing she could have done.不幸的是 帕斯變得Unfortunately, Paz has become very reliant非常依賴催眠on hypnotism.恐怕沒有催眠他人都不好了I'm afraid he can't function without it.沒有和宇宙的聯繫 他... 迷失了Without that connection to the universe, he's... lost.-查理知道嗎  -當然- Does Charlie know? - Of course.要不然你以為他為什麼帶帕斯去醫院How do you think he got Paz to go to the hospital?帶我看看Show me.有人告訴我 整個過程非常舒緩...I'm told it's very soothing...花的香味the perfume of the flower,水流動的聲響the rhythm of the movement.這些產生了一種催眠的功效It induces a hypnotic state.但他不知道He has no idea.我設計了一個觸發詞I devised a trigger word,它會帶他進入深層放鬆狀態one which puts him into a deep state of relaxation這樣他就能接受信息和指示so he can receive information, instruction.指示Instruction?抱歉I'm sorry.我... 我發現很難相信I... I just find it so difficult你會被這些迷惑to believe that you fell for this.你真有在傾聽嗎Are you listening? Really?這對你來講就他媽是個遊戲吧And this is all just a fucking game to you.這可是你和查理賴以為生的遊戲A game you and Charlie built a livelihood on.我關心我的客戶I care about my clients.比關心他們的錢還要多嗎More than their money?帕斯信任你Paz trusted you.他全心依賴你He depended on you.你讓他相信自己有天賦You made him believe that he had a gift.-但他現在不需要天賦了  -因為你不再需要他了- And now he doesn't need it. - Because you don't need him.而查理也不需要你And Charlie doesn't need you.他受夠了要拯救你He is done saving you.琳達 是時候往前走了It is time, Linda, to move on.他們管這叫墨西哥血腥瑪麗They call it a Mexican Bloody Mary.這是什麼...What's this, uh...杯口上是什麼What's that on the edge?塔吉辣椒Tajin spices.給酒加點勁Adds a little kick to it.天啊Oh, man!很棒 是不是Good, right?還有回味呢It's got an aftertaste.是啊 有種蛤蜊汁Yeah. Probably the clam juice或是伍斯特辣醬的味道or the Worcestershire sauce.新手機嗎New phone?是的Uh, yeah.有個新計劃Got a new plan.給你拿點喝的嗎Hey. Get you something to drink?先做正事After we do some business.-你肯定是...  -特納- And you must be... - Turner.他們叫我"大吉姆"They call me "Big Jim".我是西海岸公司的頭I run the West Coast Kompania.吉普賽人的王嗎King of the Gypsies?我們更喜歡羅姆人這個稱呼We prefer Romani.不過是啊 我是當家的But, yeah, I'm in charge.我是負責人Yo soy en cargo, ese.你說得沒錯了I guess you were right你來當中間人吧about you being the middle man, huh?先坐吧Have a seat.諾婭Nora?諾婭Nora!媽的Fuck.諾婭Nora.方索Fonso!開門 我知道你在裏面Open up! I know you're in there!把他媽門打開 我...Open the fucking door. I just...我需要她的鑰匙I need her keys.我要他媽的鑰匙 我需要吉娜的鑰匙I need her fucking keys. I need Gina's keys.開門Open it!聯調局特別特工 西姆斯Special Agent Simms, FBI.你坐好別出聲I need you to sit here and be quiet.我們過會來跟你解釋We'll talk to you in a little bit.-媽的  -搞什麼- Shit. - What the fuck?是啊 方索 搞什麼鬼Yeah, Fonso, what the fuck?我還以為自己是你合夥人呢Thought I was your partner.這次不是Not on this one.-請讓開  -什麼 "請讓開"嗎- Please. - What, "Please?"你耍了我 就說這麼一聲You fuck me over, and all you have to say"請讓開"嗎 你個狗逼is "Please," You fuck?那我應該怎麼回答 "多謝"嗎What am I supposed to say to that, "Thank you"?你倆都他媽閉嘴行嗎How 'bout the both of you shut the fuck up, huh?待在這 別起身Stay here. Stay down.聯邦調查局 不許動FBI. Don't move!-移動  -移動- Move it! - Move!有特工中槍 有特工中槍Agent down! Agent down!趴下Down!我在這 我在這呢I'm here! I'm here.我來了 我幫你 他來了I got you. I got you. He's coming.奧森·威爾士說 騙子相信催眠[知名好萊塢導演]Orson Welles said it was an occupational disease那是種職業病when charlatans start believing the hype.魔術師和讀心師... 對此有個專業名詞Magicians and mind-readers... They have a term for it.叫做"迷眼" 就是我身上發生的事It's called a "Shut eye." That's what happened to me.一段時間後 一切都變得很簡單After a while, it was just all too easy.我用不著像以前那樣研究人I didn't have to study people like I used to.只要看著他們One look at them,我的眼睛就會自動分析and my eye did the math.過去我想 是不是宇宙...I thought, did the universe...是宇宙給了我這種天賦嗎the universe give me this gift?當然不是 我就是天賦本身Fuck no! I am the gift.天賦一直伴隨著我The gift has been within me all along.天賦也伴隨著你們And it's within you.你 和你And you. And you.-查理  -伴隨著你們所有人- Charlie. - All of you.查理Charlie.琳達Linda?我... 我是查理·哈弗福德Hi. I'm, uh... I'm Charlie Haverford.我妻子 琳達·哈弗福德 在這My wife, Linda Haverford, she's here.哈弗福德 哈 弗 福 德Uh, Haverford. H-a-v-e-r-f-o-r-d.真為你難過I'm so sorry.-西爾 西爾  -查理 天啊- Syl, Syl. - Charlie. Oh, my God.他們... 他們怎麼說What... What... What did they say?她剛剛手術結束So, she just got out of surgery,但還需要做更多手術but they're saying she needs more.查理 查理Charlie. Charlie.他們剛把她救醒They're about to take her back in,但她想先見你 好嗎but she wants to see you, first, okay?只有你爸爸 小伙子Hey. Just your dad, buddy.好嗎Okay?查... 查理Ch... Charlie.查... 查理Cha... Charlie.查理Charlie.是我Yeah.去死吧Go fuck yourself.