What the...which one of you took a chip,shot that fella in the back?Reckon that's enough.Lefty, ain't you a little grayto be making these mistakes?There you go.Never can pleaseyou, now, can I?Hard of hearing, son?I give up.You ain't gonna shoot?Yep.All's I'm sayingis that you can'tjust go and throw a ropearound a man's neckwhenever the hellit pleases you.It don't ever please me.One hell of a way to startyour career, Mr. senator.I still can't believehe'd shoot a manover a $2.00 hand of poker.Don't you say nothing to Laura.You know how she feels aboutme still acting the lawman.Edward, she don'tlisten to me, anyway.Mr. Johnson.Heh. Don't you worry none.I'll tend to the horses for you."Can carry the coffin, butthe corpse will walk."No.Oak, I raise you.Be the day when i don't have tobunk with the like of you boys.Mr. Johnson already said he'snot taking you to Washington.Washington? Who saidanything about Washington?I'm talking about the two-story.What on god's green earth are yougonna do with a family house?What the hell do you think?Everybody's gotta have a dream.It ain't up for debate.You leave lefty incharge of our ranch,the place won't behere when we return.All right. I'llbring him with us.You will do no such thing.A senator needs a good aide.Edward Johnson, don'teven joke on this.I need my peace and quiet.I surrender. I surrender.My goodness.Arms down.Now, lefty'll runthis ranch just fine.You know he's ridden withme 40 years now, and...so has your horse.We talk on everything else.Don't know why you're beingso stubborn about this.Nobody here is gonnalisten to him.A more loyal man than leftybrown hasn't walked this earth.Loyal isn't the same as capable.We need someone like tom harrah.Well, if'n I'm gonna takeon all of Washington,I need a fella I can trustback here at the home front...And a fine woman by my side.You flatter all you want, Mr.Johnson.Don't change the fact that Ihave a needle and you don't.That's not fair.Come on.Damn post, what'di ever do to you?Who won?Well, seeing asit's standing firm,but I'm still lying in the dirt,I guess I'd call it a draw.You'll whip it yet. Come on.Of course I will. I ain'tever let you down.I'm too old tochange my ways now.I know that.Do know that? Yep.I also know that roundup'sapproaching fast.You, able to geteverything ready?Well...And it ain't gonna be just me.No, it's gonna be oakand Billy kitchenand that fella that come...Mr. Johnson!Mr. Johnson!The herd!We've got three horses missing.How many head?Three horses offthe north ranch.You ought to take oak or some ofthe other boys along with you.Don't you worry aboutthat, miss Laura.That fella don't know what he's gotcoming at him. Ain't that right...lefty, hush.These are good boys.There's no reason notto take them along.With a look like that,you're gonna scarehalf of Washington.Let's go.You see? There's two shodhooves and three unshod.Have you ever...now come on. Spit it out.I was thinking on theright words, is all.You haven't changedyour mind, have you,about putting me in charge?What kind of a foolquestion is that?You know me. I ain't got thesense to keep my mouth shut,but still, the way yourLaura's looking at meand what you was sayingearlier about am I ready,it's got me thinking.Maybe somebody elseought to be in charge?Now, don't you gostarting on me, too.I ain't starting nothing.Just saying, is all.Well, I reckon you'regonna stand tall,or you ain't.I'll wager on the first.I won't be needingthis in Washington.I want you to have it. No.I can't take that.What...That blond fella...He gonna pay for this.You were supposedto watch his back.I'm sorry about it.Sorry don't get it done.No, it don't.I know that.Do you?Yeah.I've seen you...Chasing after him fromone job to the next,doing nothing...Living off his dime.I was his partner.Of course I had...I'm his wife.And now...He's gone, and you're here.I ain't trying to get...lefty, let me bewith my husband.It wasn't my fault.There was nothingnobody could do.40 years, we rode together,and you didn't deserveto die this way.That son of a bitch...I'm gonna get thatson of a bitch,or I'm gonna die trying.My word, it ain't worth much...But on this, it is.On this, it is.Jimmy, this placeain't changed a bit.No, it hasn't.Where's Laura?Mr. governor, sir, the corral.Yeah, sh-she's by the corral.You boys don't lether go or nothing.Jeez.Billy, this hasto be done right.Here. You hold her.You hurry backwith the next one.Sun's not long for the day.That can't be.I'm so sorry.Ain't right for himto go this way.Mr. Johnson wouldbe mighty proud.I been marshaling thelast couple years,thanks to Jimmy here.I'm so glad you came.Nowhere else I'd be.Well, where's my manners?You're hungry?There's biscuitsup by the house.Your mama's recipe? Heh.Most folks callit my recipe now.You have any idea whomight have done this?Lefty was there.He said he saw the rustler.He's a tall man withblond, long hair.You're sure?Lefty's sure.By week's end, I'llhave half the armychasing down Eddie's killer.And lefty?They'll find him as well...I think.Well, we've lost one friend,and I don't planon losing another.Tom...Just leave the huntingto the soldierswho captured John wilkes booth.This is lefty brown.The man couldn't findhis ass with two hands.He's likely wanderingthat desert,praying to god for some water.I'm going after him.Bet he'd find it, too.Yeah.You ever wish...It was the same as it was,just the four of us,and we had the worldshaking in its boots?Just find him, andbring him back.Hyup.You ain't getting awayfrom me this time.Where you at, you sum-bitch?Come out where I could see you.Who the hell are you?Where's blondie?There ain't no oneelse here, mister.But you're right out ofyour mama's belly, boy.There ain't no wayyou're here alone.God's honest truth.Where's your horse?He got snakebit.Had to put it down.Snake won't kill no horse.Damn sight too big.His leg swelled up like a melon.Well, he wassnakebit, wasn't he?Look, i... i ain't gonna betaking advice from no thief.Yeah, you ain't got nothingnobody'd damn want.You ain't seen another fellapass through, have you?He's blond, andhe's mean-looking,like he'd piss in...you hunting an outlaw?Did you see anyone or not?Sir! Sir!Sir, I'd be obligedif you can give me a rideto the nearest town,if it wouldn't be much trouble.I can also help you catchthat fella you're after.This son of a bitchkilled my partner.I ain't got time to baby-sitsome boy, thinks he's wild bill.I can shoot.Well, ain't that something?I can.There's a difference betweenshooting and drawing.All right?Yeah.Just walk that way.If you ain't draggingall that gear,you ought to reachbannack in a day.Maybe two.Hell.What do you callyourself, wild bill?Jeremiah, Jeremiah Perkins.Jeremiah Perkins.Well, most folkscall me lefty brown.Mr. Johnson went without a will.The law says that this ranchwill be entailed to hisclosest male heir.Unfortunately...This is correct.This is my ranch,my sweat and my bloodas much as his.The law is what it is.The law is wrong.Be that as it may, there'snothing I can do.You could write a will.All you'd have to do is... isdate it a few months back.Nobody's gonna question the... theintegrity... Laura. Laura.Of a will that's beenwitnessed by the governor.The people elected me as theirchampion of law and order.Well, if you believe that,then you're a biggerfool than Eddie thought.18 years ago,Alameda, i was there.Remember?Cyrus applegate was anoutlaw and a murderer,but I did not want to kill him.I wanted to put him in jail.You did what was right.I'd wager that dependson who you'd ask.This is my ranch.Eddie wanted me tohave this ranch,not some cousin hehasn't seen in 30 years!I'm gonna fight who I have to!Still acting thedamn fool, i see.Tom!It's like Christmas!Get over here.Christmas in July, seeing you!Good to see you, lefty.Who's the kid?Just some tenderfoot thatneeded looking after.But now that you're here,we've got ourselves areal goddamn posse.I'll get my gear here.Army's gonna take careof Eddie's killers.I'm just here to bring you home.Well, i ain't exactly gota home for you to bring me to.Lefty, Laura can't runthat ranch without you.Well, seeing as you ain'texactly been around...and I think youunderstand my meaning...I don't figure howyou would know that.I know one thing.You ain't changed a damn bit.Well, listen here.I'm gonna bring backEdward's killer,and there ain't nothingthat you can do about it.I can knock you cold, old man.How's that for a draw, Mr.Brown?Is that childpointing a gun at me?Shit.You really are a damnfool, lefty brown.Why are you tying him up?Well, you don't think iought to shoot him, do you?But he's a lawman.Yeah, he buried his badgein the bottle years ago.Then, what's that?Well, I'll be.Last time, i seen this fella,the folks was calling himwhiskey tom harrah,the spittoon diver.Sheriff Thomas harrah?No. According to this,it's marshal Thomas harrah.I ain't touched a drop,not since Eddie smacked me inthe head with that old Henry.The Thomas harrah?What is it?!Well, this one here...this one here is you.And the other one...Is Edward.Edward Johnson.This is not bad, that likeness.It looks like him whenhe smiles like that.Is it true what they say?You went alone againstthe whole Bradford gang?Hey. And then you...what the hell are you doing?!The man's my hero.Yeah? What kind of heroturns his back on his friendswhen they need him most?What's he talking about?The governor called in the army,and he don't need us.Now, that's Jimmy talk.Ever occur to you thatmaybe he's right?The railroad, the soldiers...get some law and order.That can't be a bad thing.Lord, lord, lord.You gotten good and greasywith your words, ain't you?What would Edward do...If you was the one that wasburied six feet in the dirt?Shit.Damn it, lefty.Cut me loose.Cut me loose quick, beforeI change my damn mind.Ha ha! Cut him loose.Now, tom, he doesn't likeme to say it, but...you mind if I tell Jeremiah aboutthe time you took off with...yeah, I do. Shut up.Well, I thought... i thought...I won't tell him, then. I won't.Lefty, just ride.We got a long ways.My pa, he taught me toread with these two,"the seminole chief"and "the road agents.""the road agents"?They were nothingbut a bunch ofmodern vigilantes.Isn't that right, lefty?Kid, ain't i in one of them?No, you're not in any ofthese, not that I've seen.Well, might be you ought totake a closer look at that.I've never seen himmentioned in them,and I've read more than most.Lefty, he ain't ever happyunless he's got somethingto complain about.Me? You ain't happyunless you're making my life andother people's lives miserable.You do a fine job onyour own, old man."Old man"? Don't youstart with that.You calling me an old man?I ain't born but just ayear or two before you.At least I was conscioushalf the time,like you was unconsciousmost of that time.It's a story. Idon't even think...what are you saying?!What I'm saying is...It's a yarn, a children's story.So? What?There's better men notmade it in than did,yourself included.You feel better now?I don't even understandyou half the time,but I think you're actuallytrying to be nice.Get off of me, orI'll shoot you.I'll shoot you,shoot your other leg.How's your coffee? Youwant a little more?I'll take a sip, yeah.All right. I'll get you it.Read me another oneof them stories, kid.It's "the blackfeet trail."This is the story ofa tribe of blackfeetthat kidnap Mr. Johnson's wife.Kid...and then you and himspent two yearstracking them across mont...what did I say?Well, that weren'tEdward's wife.That was tom's,and we looked for herlonger than two years.But they rescued her.They fought off the blackfeetby the old cave, andthey rescued her.Why do you reckon that tomcrawled into a bottlein the first place, then?Did you find something?Yep.Hey. No, kid,you get on back up here.You're only gonna getin the way down there.Can't learn if youdon't try, lefty.Lord almighty.That kid is getting uppish asJimmy was back in the day.We can't track in these rocks.Sun's fading fast.Let's make camp.Now, hold on there.Of course he didn'tgo up them rocks.They went up that crevice, 'causethere's nothing but desert that way.We're gonna get this done, tom.We gotta get it done.Lefty.Hyah.Should we go after him?Nah.We'll catch up tohim in the morning.Hyah.Even he ain't dumb enoughto ride through that at night.Best speak up.Where you at?Horses have got thebrand j on them.Lefty.It might be.Hey, listen.You done a damn good jobfinding these bastards.Eddie'd be might' proud of you.They're awful ornery-looking.Hey.Stupid kid.Ain't you supposed to beback with the horses?Is the killer in there?He don't listen to me.You're outnumbered three to one.Yeah.You know, might be thekid's right, tom.You know, might bewe ought to getsome help from Jimmy onthis one, thinking, maybe.That right there...Is why nobody'swritten about you.Why don't you...hey. Get your head on.Shut up.Listen. What you'regonna do, Jeremiah,you're gonna go back to thehorses and keep them calm.I ain't going backto the horses, tom.Listen to me. I need you backthere keeping them calm.There's gonna be alot of gunfire,and I don't want thehorses spooked,so you go back there, okay?Lefty...You go in the back way.I'll go in the front.You figure on going in there?Yeah.It's what we do.And remember...Brown hat, so youdon't shoot me.How long we have towait around here?Shit.I ain't leaving thischair 'til I win one.I wasn't talking to you.Shit, we ain't gotnowhere else to be.Let me take one card.What you got?The boy's talking to you.All right. I'm all in.Go. Now.Marshal harrah?Mr. crobley.No one said nothing aboutyou being here, marshal.Kid, don't.Stop.St-stay back there.D-don't.Kid, don't.Don't do that.Blondie, you in there?!You best step out right now.Jesus. Jesus.Marshal...Please don't let him kill me.How is it you know this fella?Your name crobley?Now that's farenough right there.Be careful now.Old man there's jumpyon the trigger.Please, don't shoot.Just shut up.Is that kid still alive?Yep.All right.I'm asking you for a fair trade,one for one.Well, shit, that dependson who this feller is.You... answer him.But... I'm Mr. ThaddeusWilliam crobley.Shut up.That the money?There any more?Th-that's it. That's all of it.Let's split it up!Don't be greedy.What about the boy?He's bleeding out.We're leaving.Where the hell you going?One in front and one behind,ain't that the wayit's supposed to be?Hyah.You best get offof that Colt slow.I'm feeling a tad bit jumpy.All right.Yep. Hey, kid!You seen the kid?Nope.Tom, did it even occurto you to look?God damn.Tom?No, tom's a mite bit busy.Reckon you're gonnahave to put up with me.Lefty.Yeah?I should have stayedwith the horses.Lord.Now listen here.You got a bullet in you.It's gonna have to come out,so I want you tobite down onto that.All right.Think about that.Lord, I can't find it. Dang.Hang on.I can't get at it.I can't...got to get it out.Kid, I gotta get it out.I got it. I...I got it.I got that sum-bitch.I got it.You can just rest now.Frank bains.Been looking for you.While I was looking for you,found your brothers...Andy and Dan.Left them hanging in a tree.Now you're gonna get hung,either by lefty or a judge.Don't doubt that.So why don't you tell meabout your acquaintance with Mr.Crobley.If i recollect correctly,I became acquainted with Mr.Crobley'bout a couple hours back,while you were cowering behindthat dirt pile out there.Shit.He bring you this?That's a lot of money.What happens when therest of your gangfind out that youran off with it?I ain't too worried.They ain't the smartest lot.Crobley was the governor's man.Heh.So that's why he don'tlook like no outlaw?Whose money's this?Why you kill Edward Johnson?Aw, come on, marshal.You know a man's gottamake his name somehow.Tell me!Tell me!Was it the governor?Did Jimmy bierce...Pay you...To kill Eddie?!Hey, marshal, whenI get to hell,I'm make sure i pay yourwife a little visit.When did this come?Fella came by an hour back,governor's man all theway from bannack.Is he still here?What is it?Salvation.Am I gonna die?You are not gonna die.Now looky here.I grabbed you one of these.I thought that you mightwant to look at itwhile I was getting squared up.Would you read it to me?Read it?Just my eyes ain't sogood in the dark, but...I could tell you about Edward.Well, let's see. One time,he was crossing thedesert, and...were you with him?Me? No, I was laidup with a bullet.I ain't walked straight since.What happened?Well, I was saying...you know, just like I wassaying, he was crossing this...no, what happened to you?What happened was...well, that's not gonnabe near as interesting.Now, see, I ain't thoughton it for a while.There was a stagecoach,and it was heading east,and Edward was supposedto ride shotgun on iton account of a bandit.His name was small no...no, that weren't it at all.It was split nose Hopkins.He was a terrible sightto lay your eyes on.And Edward happened tobe out of the territory.He gave me the job.Sure enough, halfa day travel out,Hopkins and his gang,they ambushed us.Like we were?No, it was different.I let off a couple shots,and we high-tailed it.We gave 'em a hell of a chase.We almost got away, too,except that we found ourselvesclosed up in thishellacious box canyon.Lord, those walls was steep,and three days, we waited,trapped up in there,and they waited for us, too,'cause they knew that wedidn't have any food.Well, I reckon that I'm a fellathat can wait likethe best of 'em.But then, all of a sudden,I grit my teeth,and I could wait no more.And I dragged myselfup them sheer walls.I damn near fell twice tomy death, but I made it,heh. Hopkins, he missed it,on account of henever looked up.Well, I just...Charged around behind him,and I surprised old split nosewith a barrel full of buckshot.Me, i...well, that's...When I took one in the leg.And, it just...it just gave meterrible pain and...but them fellas, they was...Giving some wild shots, and i...I pulled up the growler.It's the handiest thing i own.Grit my teeth...I can't wait no longer either.All right, then, kid.All right.Aww.There you go, boy.There you go. There you go.What the hell areyou doing, tom?I'm leaving.No. Here, you had a bad night.There ain't noreason to leave us.Lefty... don't you lefty me.You're forgetting you gotthat badge on your chest.If Edward was here, he'dsay it means something.You just sober up now.I'm gonna go get that kid.I'm gonna go get blondie here,and you is gonna helpme load him back upto the ranch in one piece.Lefty...Tom.Hey, tom.Hyah!Where are you going?!Where are you going?!I got...there's...i...what am i supposed to do now?Is it his gang?Could be. I ain't sure.I am.Why don't we get off this road,go back the way we came?It'd take a day longer that way,and that's a day you ain't got.A fool and his fool.You still breathingback there, wild bill?Do you think tom mighthave gone to get help?That maybe weshould have waited?From the way oldtom was looking,I'd guess that he washeaded towards a drink.That's far enough.Now, I reckon there's two of usand one of you.Shit.Hand 'em over.Yeah, yeah.Boy, you, too.Howdy, frank.Take these damnthings off of me.I figure before wedo anything else,we ought to split upthat there money.I ain't got no money.Where's it at?You dumb shit, you thinkthey'd let me keep it?Where's it at?!Where's what?The money.Well, how's a fellasupposed to knowwhat you're talking about?The money we was paidfor killing Johnson.I need you to tell methis isn't yours, Jimmy.You're drunk.Yeah.Is it yours?No, it is not mine.You see, I got that...Off of this fella by thename of frank bains,and frank, well, frank,he got it off of thad crobley.Mr. crobley had acheckered past.I figured he deserveda second chance.He's dead,killed by the manhe come to pay.It is not pleasant being wrong.To the tragedy ofchanging times.These changing times,where did Eddie fit in?Eddie was too big for the law.He was a man ofthe land, though,and a great land, it is.Please.Don't practice yourdamn speeches on me.It is my oration forEddie's memorial.A killer speaking overthe man he killed.This frank killed Eddie.And you put him up to it.I did no such thing.Eddie was my friend.I tried to make him understandthat this isn't theland it once was.Come on, tom.We're civilized now.Businesses thrive...Families travel in safety...And Indians no longerrape our wives.Don't.If'n he understood,he wouldn't have goneafter that rustler.He'd be on his way toWashington right now.The money...I swear to you onour friendship...I did not kill Eddie.To senator Edward Johnson...A great hero of our people.And more...A loyal friend.To Eddie.To Eddie.Do you hear 'em talkingabout anythingor see anything or looklike they had money?I don't remember.Well, we shouldhave been looking.We should have looked.It ain't here.Watch frank.Hey...where's that money?!Hey!Ain't you supposedto be a talker?!Where's the money?!God damn it.Son of a bitch.Shit! Hey.It's...You, figure tom mighthave taken the money?Tom? No. No.Never would have done that.It ain't his way.Well, maybe there wasn'tany money to begin with,and that's why theycouldn't find it.Now you listen here.There ain't no point in ustalking about what youand I don't know.Hell, kid...It's money.It makes fools of men.Eddie... you all right?Now, hey, hold on there.Listen here.There ain't no wayyou're gonna ride any more.I'm gonna have to get us...get us some help on this one.You got everythingyou need here.I'm gonna leave thegrowler with you.All right.Now don't you die on me.You hear me?Now, here,I got...don't you be doing that.I got a dying kid back there.You go get the medicinesfrom the bunkhouse.Don't be rude now.We planned a realhomecoming for you.Quit your joshing, boys.I got a dying kid back there.I ain't got time for...boys, I don't have time!Then we'll make it quick.Now, hey, I got that fellawhat killed Edward.He's back there with that kid.I got him!The fella who killed Mr.Johnson?I'm looking at him.No!No, that ain't true!And no one else thoughtyou'd be idiot enoughto show your face back here.I knew, though.Stop this, all of you!"It is with a heavy heart"i must inform you lefty brownis responsible for thedeath of senator Johnson."You know that there telegramis a load of bullcrap.Hell, I can't believe howlow you think of me.You're not gonna tell me why.Why?How 'bout you tell me?You're the one saying idone something I ain't.Well, maybe you were angry.Maybe he told you he wasn'tgonna leave you in charge.No.Why would he do that?Because I told him to.Tom and me, we trackedthat son of a bitchhalfway across the high desert,and we got him, like Ipromised you I would.Now, you ride withme to that kid,'cause that's whereI killed him.You tell me where that kidis, and I'll send help.There ain't no suredirections to give.I have to take you to him.That there piece of paper...You're saying thatthat's worth morethan the word of a man who'sknown you over half your life?I've known Jimmy fora long time, too.What's Jimmy got todo with all this?Jimmy wrote that paper?Yes, he did.Lying don't become you.You know better than anybodyEddie never gave me timeto learn my letters.Look at the seal.Lefty!No.You'll have your saybefore the judge.No.No.Sorry, marshal.Ain't no free drinks here.What's going on here?Hey, Jimmy.Just helping out.I get paid next week, so...You don't ever toucha spittoon again.He still owes me foranother day's worth.That runs out, youjust come and find me.Kid.Hang in there, kid.Hang in there.What the...Lefty, prisoner or no, you...Lefty got out!Go after him!There.All right.Get back this way.That ought to do it.You gonna secure that sitch?It's tight.Tight enough to only last abouthalf a mile down the road.Ain't nowhere to runfor the likes of amurdering coward like you.Shotgun ain't gotthe range, ma'am.What are you waiting for?!I didn't kill Edward...And I ain't gonna kill you.And this is your medicinei been giving you.This... you just gottatake a little...get 'er down. Get 'er...there you go.Go easy. Easy there, wild bill.You just take...easy, easy, easy.Hey.Look at you.Welcome back.This the ranch?Don't look like noranch, now, do it?No.How long have I been here?Eight days.You ought to eat.Guess I can try.Yes, you can.Couldn't be bothered towarn me, now, could you?You ought to watch yourself.There's buckshot in that.You know, there's not adentist for a thousand miles.Where are we, anyway?The only place I can be.That money, that belongedto Jimmy bierce...And he had Edward killed,and now he's got metaking the blame.What?Yeah, tom, that's how he knewthat fancy-looking fella.They's all working for Jimmy.They were friends.You...You said they were friends.That's what you said.I know. I was wrong.It was... it was nothinglike I said it was,and that's me.That's lefty brown...The man who nevergot anything rightin over 60-odd years.You saved my life.Yes, I did.What we gonna do now?What the hell?It's a memorial service.The sum-bitch had Edward killed.He can't speak on his behalf.We can't kill the governor.We'd get strung up.We need some proof.I... i know that.I'll find some.Kid, hey.You said you wereholding him for trial?It's just, seems to me if lefty wereinnocent, he wouldn't have run.He took some medicine with him.Maybe he had no choice.We all have a choice.I'll look into itafter the memorial.You're a loyal friend.I never got a chanceto thank you properlyfor helping me with the ranch.It's what Eddiewould have wanted.What he wouldn't have wantedis for you to appointthe man he beatto take his place in the senate.Robert Meade is the mostqualified candidate for the job.He's a railroad man.Hell, Laura, youknow as well as I doEddie was wrong to standagainst the railroad.25 years ago, thousands ofpeople lived in bannack.Now, what, less than a hundred?This is Eddie's memorial.It's not a political rally.There's just no winningwith you, is there?Well, between you and me,I'm awful bad at checkers.We wouldn't be standing here,having this conversationif it weren't for Eddie.He's done many greatthings for this territory.Now that's a fact.But opposing therailroad contractis a mistake that willtarnish his legacy.And if I can correcthis mistake...I will.Yes, sir. Looking to check in?- Daddy.- Last name?Sign right here, please, sir.Pardon me.Sweetheart, come... come with me.May I help you?I'm talking to you, boy.Jim, you're scaring the lad.Just trying to be of assistance.Sorry. It's just...I've never met agovernor before.You recognize me?James Buckley bierce,first governor ofthis great state.He's just a man like any other,but he has a speech to give.I just put my pants onthe same way as you.What the...Tom.Tom, Edward would be ashamed.Give me another glassfor my friend.I... tom, i can't drink with you.Here's to Eddie.I don't think you oughtto be drinking any more.Lefty, to Eddie.He said I didn'tneed the bottle.He said we were strong.But he was wrong, of course.But he believed...Which is much morethan most folks,so here's to you, Eddie.No. I ain't drinking with you.You son of a bitch.Tom, you gotta sober upand come on with me.You shouldn't havedone that, lefty.Now, tom...Son of a bitch.All right.Here. You lost this.I thought you ought to have itso you could remember thatthe man who give it to youis the fella that killed Edward.Give him another.Whoever's payingfor it won't mind.If Eddie were here today...I'd wager he'd admonishyou all for coming."You've got businessto attend to,"so get to it," he'd say.Edward Johnson wasa man of action.He was also a man of the land...And a great land, it is.Railroads crisscrossingplains and mountain...Connecting Atlantic to pacific.Cattle from Montana feedingirishmen in New York.Iron, steel, oil...This great landof ours provides.All it asks for inreturn is order.Without Eddie,we could never havereached these heights.No, sir.But this is not his world...Not any longer.So as we move into the future,we shall take with us allthat Eddie has taught us.The man I'm appointingto his seatwill honor the memoryof Edward Johnson.Some of you may alreadyknow Robert Meade.Yeah.He and I have worked closelythese past few months...Finalizing a contract withthe pacific railroad,a contract that, onceratified by the senate,will undoubtedly revitalizetowns like ours.All hail the mighty governor!It will bring industry.The great protector!It will... he'sgonna protect youand your baby?!This is wonderful stuff!Great job, Jimmy! Great job!Fantastic!Tommy!Eddie should have never letyou live, you son of a bitch.Somewhere to go, son?Put down your Remington, tom.Let's just you andi have a talk.I reckon you and me'sdone talking, Jimmy.I'm gonna kill you, you bastard!I'm going to kill you,you son of a bitch!No, stop! He's roostered up.We have to help him.I'll fucking kill you!You will stop him beforeanyone gets killed.Go upstairs. It's notsafe here, Laura.Jimmy! Jimmy bierce,what is going on?Please, now, before thebullets start flying. Go now.Go now. But... but, Jimmy!First one that movesgets a bullet.Second one will, too!Now you just...No people will get hurt.Just take it easy.All right, now. Tom...Get up here.Jimmy! He's gone.He's gone.God damn.Stay back. Stay back now.Don't get stupid.Take it easy. Putyour hands away.Get off the street, guys!Put your hands awayfrom that weapon!Tom!Shit!Shit.Just careful now. They ain't killers.They's just fools.Yeah, they're killers whenthey fucking shoot us!I'm gonna go get Jimmy.Wait, wait, wait!Come on, you. That-a-way.Go.I'm going.Come on! Get up! Come on!Shit.In there!Hold it.Tom.Least it wasn't you who shot me.Well, that is...that's lucky, I think,on account of the fact you... youkept your hat on so long.Don't you figure?I... tom?Now, tom...Tom?God... god damn.I hope you goddamnfound something.Kind of.It's been a long while.Dying in a hail of bulletsseems like such a waste,don't you think?Tom would likelydisagree with you,if'n he could speak.He was safe in that saloon.This is gonna be on your head.He was safe in that saloon!Just 'cause you sayit, don't make true.I was trying toprotect this state.Eddie screwed my deal.It was a fine agreement.You know it.It would have been arebirth for Montana.Here's my deal.You put down that Schofield.I'll take you 'fore a judge.Lefty...Hear me out now.Killing the governor of Montanais... is a federal offense.It's a hanging offense.I know that it is.Do you remember thefirst time we met?I was lying in the woods.You saved my life.I-I'd wager you prob...probably wish you left me there.We've come quite the waysince then, you and me.We have.But I think we couldgo even further.We could take thisstate into the future.How about you and I right now,we walk outside,and I tell the worldyou were set up?But you never gave up, notyou, not lefty brown.No, you proved tome your innocence.How 'bout I make yousenator in Eddie's stead?Who better to take his placethan his partner?You was my friend.I am...Your friend.This is a changed world,and all you have to dois put that goddamn rifle downand listen to me, boy.You heard?I heard.Then...I'll see him to the jail..No.Eddie's way.It's really gonna happen.Miss Laura.He's the governor, and we'rehanging him without no trial.I know.I had my head in a noose,and it was you that saved me.I'd rather be theone to do this.Years from now,there'll be statues of meeverywhere in Montana.It's not easy.But I did my job.Years from now, they'llbe thanking me for it.Think so?Years from now,I reckon all these folks'llremember seeing you hang,but in a week,it's me that the lawwill come after.And if'n they catch me,I reckon I'll be looking outat the same faces as you.Ma'am.Lefty.Well, I'd... I'd say weowe you an apology.That was fine work.The fellas and I, well, we...we'd ride with you again.Well, stick with Mrs.Johnson, kid.She'll learn you betterthan I ever could.You'll be on yourown soon enough...Wild bill.