 Cal.You remember thatrancher guy you hadworking for you, back when?That's him.Look, I gotta get in touchwith his brother.He was some kind ofa dinosaur hunter, right?Him and his wife?Brothers said that.Now, about the wife...Hey, John.You in there?Come on, Dr. Olson.Got somethingwe gotta discuss.Not Olson anymore, Terry.All right, doc.Old habits.So, you wanting somethingor you just come byto shitheel me?The oil company'smoving in.All right.Signed off on the land,yesterday, so...You flirt.The bakken don'textend this far south.Hey, hold off, now, doll.As long asyou've been out here,how much have we seenfrom all your fossil hunting?All right, well,think it's timefor you to move on.You're right.Hey.You want me to make yousomething to eat?Want to knowhow the dig went?It was a total disaster.Thanks for asking.Can I come in?So, whatcha working on?Aquarius?Yeah, the spacing's good.You gonna make a wish on one?That's stuff for kids.Granddad didn't get youtoo far in this book, huh?Hmm. He tried.Hey, Ezekiel.Wanna see something?What is it?Check it out.Another one ofyour dinosaur things?Yeah. Yeah, kind of.It's from the dig.I was hoping to find...I got homework.Okay.Do you wanna at least knowwhat species they are?Mom...I'm not gonna know for sureuntil I extractthe entire embryo.That's cool, mom,but I really havehomework, okay?I have a strong theorythey are triceratops cubs.Isn't that cool?You wanna holda triceratops cub?Maybe later.Ezekiel. Come on, this isyour chanceto hold a piece of...Mom! I don't want tohold your stupid thing.Ezekiel!What's happening?What the helldid you just do?When did you get home?It's the bestgoddamn piece- I found today.- Hey...I wasn't interested.I said no!What, uh...Well, welcome home, Anna.I'll put the littlebruiser to bed.I guess that didn'tgo so well, huh?Well, dad,you're the one who's alwaystelling me I oughta tryand get closer to the boy.Well, yeah, by askingeze what sort ofthings he likes.Not by forcing on himthe stuff that you do.I have no idea what he likes.I think that'swhat I mean.Look... it's gettinga little late.Why don't you gotuck your son inand I'll finish up.Okay.You know, a nice thingabout the past,it will still be therewhen you wake up.Yup.Worst thing, too.Hey, Ezekiel.I'm...I know it wasan accident, okay?Hey.Let's get to bed, okay?Is that...It's my watch.Well, it's broken.Don't you wantanother one?It's dad's.Yes, I know it was.Where did you get that?Hey.We're not open.Nate, it's me.We're not open.You got my voice mail.What?You get my voice mail?No, I... look.I don't want youhanging out with...I don't want yougiving stuff to my kid.The watch? Jesus Christ!This couldn't wait a bit.That could have waitedtill tomorrow morning, huh?No, Nate. Because idistinctly remember alreadyhaving this conversation.I don't want you hanging outwith Ezekielwhen I'm out of town.When you're out of town.I'm the boy's uncle.Someone oughta bespending time with himwhen you're outfor months on end,digging around inboneshit nowhere.Mmm-hmm. Okay, great.Thank you very much.Nate, I realize Ezekiel'sthe only family you got left,but I don't need parent...I don't needparenting advice from you.Okay, so,you called me, twice.I'm here.What the helldid you want?Well, if youhad listened tomy voice mail,we could have done itover the phone.Jesus.You wouldn't haveto bothercoming down here.But since you're here,have a beer.Thanks.This that ranchyou used to work on?Napping around on?Uh-huh.Okay, and?Well,I told you all about itin the voice mail.We could go over itagain if you'd like. Hey, you. It's me.You got me on your phoneas "son of a bitch"?Would you be quiet?I'm trying to listen to you. Well, you're not answering, obviously, which means you're probably still, I don't know, mad, but my old boss got a call from one of them oil rig guys, Wes McCoy. Thinks he might have stumbled on something. He found a tooth. Big one...You hung up on me.A tooth, Nate?You've got to be kidding me.Yeah. Pretty cool, huh?No. Because a therapodtooth means shit.If it's even what theythink it is, carnivores shedthem suckers like mad.It's probably nothing.Yeah, well, itcould be something.Great. Yeah,it's great sciencethere, genius.You know,for somebodywho doesn't likebringing up Ethan,you sure sounda heck of a lot like him.Yeah, maybeI'm no scientific genius.If I was, I wouldn'thave to bringyou in on this deal.Jesus, Nate, whatdo you want from me?I'm just suppose todrop everythingand rush up there?Dude, you gotnothing to drop.I mean, what's the worstthat could happen?Go up there,you don't find anything.I'm still a son of a bitch.What the hell.God damn it, Nate.Is that a yeah?Yeah.You're coming with me, though.Sure.Somebody's gottaintroduce youto the ranch owner.No. Becausewhen it turns outto be nothing,I'm gonna need someonewithin swatting distance.I'll pick you uptomorrow morning, then.Tomorrow.Well, come on.This is ridiculous.You just got back.Dad.Dad, it's probablyjust for the weekend.Three days, tops.Well, maybe that's good, then.'Cause this way,you'll be backon Monday, right?Please, dad.I know whatyou're gonna say.That he should come with...Yeah, that heshould come with...Of courseI'm gonna say that.Why the hell not?You know exactlywhy the hell not, dad.Because it's the badlands,not a playground.Jesus. There's wild animals,crap weather.The list goes on.This ain't funny, Anna.You're telling me.It's a long list.Anna!Hey.Susanna!Hey.Morning, bill.What do you want from me, dad?It ain't what I want.Now, I went to the troubleof packing him a little bag.What about school?I went to the troubleof notifying his principal.Well, you went to quitea lot of trouble, seems like.Listen, kiddo,you're gonna haveto dealwith this sometime.You can't go running offwith your rocks and bones,and pretend thatyou're raising a son.Guilt ain't thesame as protection. Right. But that doesn't have anything to do with the cartel. It doesn't have anything to do... It has everything to do with the cartel. The boom brought overpopulation. They brought the trade of crystal meth to an all-time high, and now, you got these Mexican cartels. They're up here and they're trading guns. Or drugs. Right, but the cartel has been here since the '90s, at least, just didn't hear about it regularly. You hear about it now. Do you realize that we have gangs competing for territory all across the state? And I'm not just talking about williston.- I'm talking about...- I'm just saying... I'm talkingas far east as Fargo. You had 'em, right? If you wanna take the power away from the cartel, you have to take away their market. It's just, I mean...Jump. Look out.Crap.Hey.Easy on the language.Billy can say it,and he's only seven.Oh, yeah? Let me get a game.Show you how the pros do it.Crap.Anything else for you two?Just keep 'em coming.Hi, hon.So, McCoy.Word down the line is,you think you foundyourself somethingout in the badlands.I know I got somethingdown there, so,hon, the question is,what's it worth to you?So?Carnivore species wereknown to shed their teethall over the goddamn place,but this still hasits root intact.That means the incisorwas still attached tothe dinosaur when it died.You're sayingthere's maybe more.There may be a lot more.See?What did I tell you?She's out there.How do you know it's a she?I don't know.I've just beencalling it a she,like a...Well, like a captain.White whale kind of shit.You know what I mean?Okay, well, you're not wrong.This here?T-Rex tooth.It's a fairly large specimen,too, which amongtyrannosaur breeds means,yeah, it's probably female.Cool.A t-fucking-Rex?I'll be damned.Hey. Dead man.You're supposed to be gone.But here he is.Here I am.I'm kind of in themiddle of somethinghere, slick, all right?Yeah, I see that.I didn't mean tointrude on your date.But we've seen you now.Let's go, Reese.Next time,they ought to bury you deeper.So, good. Great, roots,teeth, all that.That's fucking awesome.That somethingi ought to beconcerned about?I've never seem 'embefore in my life.Just a couple ofdumb drunks...'Cause I don't know you.I don't knowwhat the hell this is.But I do not needthat shit on my dig.It's Ace. Okay.He's all right.You're all right. See?See?Friends.Buddies.Right?Yeah.You've seen me.Well, well. Nate Olson,as I live and shit.Kimberly.You meet with McCoy?She did.Mrs. jordall.Hi, it's a pleasure.Kimberly, please."Mrs." is forspinsters and suits.We got dirt under our nails,don't we, doctor?Anna, here, she...You don't haveto give me a big spiel, Nate.I know who she is.You're thepaleontologist, yes?The one that was throwninto prison for digging upbones on government land.Actually, I didn't knowit was blm land at the time.I'm surethere's a pretty story.There always is.Look, I know how this works.Someone like you comesand digs up the bones,and we're supposedto arrange for a brokerto find a buyer in Dubaiwho wants to be theonly guy on his blockwith a dinosaurin his living room.What I want to know is,why should I let an ex-convictmonkey around on my land?I need this.If that Rex is down there,she's been trappedfor 67 million years.I think she deservesa new life.Well, I certainlyhope she gets one.I look forward tomeeting our dinosaur.Thank you.Not her.I can still...What? Don't "what." The book.The book is "what."Why did you pack it? Well, it's just a little something I got for eze when you...I know what it is.I don't know why ipacked it exactly.I just thought maybe,I don't know...Might bea little middle groundfor you two.So, you staying?It's a little premature beforeI've seen the bone bed.But looks promising. Oh, honey, that's great. I'm really happy for you. So, do you think eze's gonna be staying with you?If it turns out, uh,I'll think about it.Just don't knowif he'd want to.You two just need some time.He's young.He just seems older,that's all.Yeah.He always does.Yeah.That's the way it happens.They grow up.You have a good night.Give that boya big squeeze from me. Good night, dad.Bye-bye.Hey, what's up?I just got off the phonewith the shift managerover at Scofield.He said one of hisdrillers didn't show.Fucking Scofield.So, I'm going toneed you to fillone of these for me.The boom's slowing up.The company's cracking down.It ain't personal.Hell, they'retesting everybody,even folks who got nohistory of abuse.Of course,I could always sayyou nevershowed this morning.Yeah.You like that one, huh?You...You like horses?Yeah. They're okay.When you feed 'em,make sure youhold your hand flatso you don't get bit.I'll be out of your hairin a couple of days,then you don't haveto worry about anything.No, I was just...Be careful, that's all.Mmm-hmm.Did you and daduse to ride horseswhen you were working?Sometimes, yeah.Yeah, when we could.Cool.What's thatyou're playing?I'm not sureyou could call itplaying just yet.That's a lotbetter than I can do.Couldn't find mysorry way arounda kazoo, let alonethat monster.I got a little girl back home.A bit younger than your boy.Emily.Get to call her,or whatever,now and again,when I can sneakit past her mom.So, you know,just thought I'd learna little ditty she liked.A lullaby.That's nice.Nah, it's stupid.Hey!What gives?We're burning daylight.Get a move on.It's up ahead.No, she won't.So, you really think you canhave her out inside a month.Well, we'll have to.It's late in the yearfor a dig of this size.Over there, please.It's not unheard of.We'll have to have her outbefore winter, though,or, we're lookingat having to breaktill next season.This your shit?Thanks, slick.That is mightyimpressive, doctor.Don't get too excited.It's going totake us a minimum of two yearsin a lab beforeshe's ready for auction.All right,well, I'll have my mandraw up the papers.Last thing, shares.We split our 70.You keep your 30all to your lonesome.I see.Sacks of money from Dubaiare always an option, Kim.Like hell.Let Dubai dig upits own tyrannosaur.This gal's American.Hey, stranger.You gonna join civilization?I'm goodright here. Thanks.This okay?Let's see.What have we got here?We got some from our gal.And... oh.Some fragmentsof edmontosaurus annectens.I'm in second grade.Sorry. Duckbill.T-Rex breakfast.Nice find.Do you think dadwould have been proud of me?Anna, I need youreye over here, please.Whatcha doing there, eze?Find something?Susanna, have a beer.Relax.Thank you.This is going great.Look at this.Hey, guys.Come look at this.Goddamn, look at that skull.Jackpot.What are you doing up here?I get one bar up here.I thought I'dcheck the weather.What are you doing?Checking the weather.What do you think?Those cloudssure look mean.I don't know.Remembera couple of years ago.We had that big storm.Yeah.Yeah, I remember.You weretalking in your sleep.Yeah. I had a bad dream.About dad?What?No.No.It's okay.You can talkabout him around me.Me... me and uncle Nate do.Talk about him.Hey.Come here.I'm telling you,she's cheatin'.You just gota shit poker face,that's all.Would a guy witha shit poker facethrow that?Yes.That's actually exactlywhat he would do.Needless to say,i called your bluff.Did you see how I did that?Well, we're laying 'em downthere, buddy. What you got?Look at these.King pokerface over here.Layin' it down full houses,like it ain't no shit.Mmm-hmm.Yeah, I betyou wish you wereplaying for morethan just butterscotchand bottle caps, huh?You wanna put somereal money on it?Yeah, I don't thinkyou could afford it.Well, the way you're playing,I don't think I'm the onethat needs to be worried.Well, I'm not out yet.I see I've got somemore bullshit herein my pocketthat I found outin the field.We can get backin this game here.That's my ante.Now look at that.Found that out there, too.What the hell is that?Ask him.Nate, this isn't funny.Get that off the table. Now.You don't bring thatnasty shit out herearound my nephew.You understand me?Huh?Billy, you hear?I said, don't bring that...You actually thinkI'd give that shitto a kid?You crack head...Boys! Dad.Hey, baby girl.Am I calling too late? I'm not a toddler anymore. And it's Friday. I can stay up till 9:00.I'm sure you can.I just don't wantto get in troublewith your mom is all. You're always in trouble with mama.Oh, that's right.Is that the pup?Is she around? Yeah. Out in the yard. Must have thought she saw something out back. She was crazy begging to go out before you called.That's too bad.I was hoping to say hi. I'll pass it along. She misses you.Well, you tell thatshaggy son of a bitchi miss her, too.Hey.I got something iwant you to check out. I gotta get ready for bed.That's okay.That's all right.You just getyourself tucked inand listen.All right?McCoy, storm's comin'.We're headed back to...You always snooping aroundeverybody's tent,or am I just lucky?We've been calling you.What the hellwas that thing?Can I show you something?Yeah.This your Emily?That's her playingwith a dog there.We call her snickers.She wanted to name it aftersomething she liked.She wanted thatdog in the worst way.McCoy.Are you in somekind of trouble?She's so smart, too.She does these little, like,vocab crosswords.She got "panoply."Little eight-year-old kid,i don't evenknow what a panoply is.Wes.She's a lot smarterthan her old man.I used towork for some bad people.Cartel kind of bad.I got caught doing a runand did some time for it.Cost 'em a lot of money.She don't know nothingabout those people.Why should she?It makes me sick.'Cause I did that.You can keeptrying to get...Just keep tryingto get ahead of it,somehow.I tried to quit, tried to...But it's...I don't know.Sometimes I wonder,maybe it'd be bestif I'm not around.Is that reallywhat you want?I, uh...I spent some timeinside, too.Three years.No shit.Yeah, the judge wantedto make an exampleof me, I guess.It didn't even matterthat I was pregnant.With...Yeah. I never evengot to hold him.Jesus.He went to livewith my dad'cause my husbandwas already out ofthe picture at that point.Then the FBI came downon us, and it was just meleft to take the falland I kept saying I didn'tknow it was federal land.It was Ethan who knew.But I don't evenknow if that's true.Maybe I did.Maybe I know I did.I didn't even see Ezekieltill after I got out.You know, not 'causei couldn't, but...And then when I did get home,he didn't even know who I was.So, I spent everyspare moment out here'cause it just seemedlike it was better somehow.For both of us.Is that stillwhat you think?Anna, you coming?If we don't leave now,we ain't leaving.Yeah. We're coming.Ah...Heard about the ruckus.That somethingi ought to be worried about?He'll cool off.Long days.Lotta work.Mmm-hmm.Did Nate ever tell youhow I happened tocome to know Wes?McCoy?I mean,i guess I assumed...I'm his sponsor.So, that means...Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm.Well, you know, I mean,we were all youngand dumb once, right?Anyway, I just thoughtit best you know it.Ain't nothingI've ain't handleda million times before.Ain't nothingi can't handle now.You shouldn'tsneak up on folks.Oh, sorry.Come in out of the cold,at least.It's pissing rain outside.So, what's the deal?You moping?I don't know.Well, I ain't gonnayank it out of you.Didn't wanna come with,at first.Mmm-hmm.And nowyou're glad you did?Well, it makes memiss my dad.Shit, kid.You know, dads ain't alwaysall they're cracked up to be.Yesterday don't mean Jack.What's that you got there?Oh, somebody told mei was supposedto give this to you.Who? Someone from the ranch?Uh, yeah, maybe.I haven't seen him before.Look, uh...Get inside.Head off to bed.Okay.And don't talk to no one elseyou don't know.Fuck!Put your bosson the phone, slick.I got his bones.You heard what I said?I'm tired of talkingto the fucking help. El papa will come to you.Fuck!Oh, what did they do to you?Well?It's tight.You done good,dinosaur lady.Thanks,dinosaur fella.Oh. I've been promoted.I'm gonna go grab my pack,then we can caravanoutta here.You got the keysto the truck, right?.Got it.Right,let's get going.Hey, eze,come on, let's go.Okay.You got allyour stuff packed?Nope.Come on,let's load up.I wanna get out of herebefore the sun sets.Okay.You got everything?Good boy.Come on, let's go.Hey, Nate...Look, man, I just wanna...I wanna say I feel badfor how things got outta handat the fucking card game.No hard feelings.Nate!- Nate!- Eze, stay down.Ezekiel, get down!- Ah, shit.- Nate!You get in the carand keep your head down.Nate!What the hellis going on?- Stay right there.- You hear me?Shit.Mom!Are you guys okay?Oh, no.No, not the keys.Anna!Anna, what are you doing?Get in the truckand get outta here.- Keys!- I lost the keys in the...- McCoy.- What the hell is he doing?You motherfuckerswanna kill me?You better aim straight!You hear me?Stay right there.You're okay.Mom!I can't find 'em.It's not worth it,Anna, come on.We can't justleave her here.I knew we nevershould have trustedthat junkie son of a bitch.Ouch. Ouch!Yeah, all right.I know, it will stinglike spitfire,but at leastit won't fall off.I still can't believewe just left her out there.Well, we have worse thingsto worry about thanthat dinosaur, doctor.Where are you going?McCoy ain't back yet.Good.That's enough, okay?From both of you.Kim, this whole thingis his fault.Well, I know that,but I'm gonna golook for him anyway.What you got there?He said it wasfor good luck.Who did?Fuck.Wait. Wait.Wait, god damn it!Just wait a minuteand listen to me, yeah?Just hablarfor a fucking...Goddamn...English, English,right now.It's over, gringo.You make this easieron yourself.You, or your daughter.I can still pay,all right? I can.Don't be a coward.Be a good father and die.No. No, no.I have the t-Rex.It's there. I have it.Here?Huh?Pictures. Huh?See?Just like I said.That's from today.It's already loaded up.What I'm supposed to dowith a big, dead lizard?Huh?You know exactlyfucking what.Auction it off.Black market?The last one that completewas an $8-million dead lizard.Don't be stupid.You kill me,I'm just another body.The graveout in the badlands,what's that worth?You let me getthis fossil for you,you'll geta hell of a lot morethan I owe you.Two ways to pay.It's the dinosaur.Or it's me.But you leavemy kid out of it.You're in tight spotto be making threats,hombre.Then do it.Tonight?Tonight.At the oil rig.You'll get it tonight.How many albums you gotin this shit house?I don't know. Seven.Uh-huh.Well, you bettergo get my lizardbecause you only gotsix-and-a-half tapes left.We gotta go back out there.Are you nuts, Anna?You wanna justleave her out there?We already didall the work. Okay?She's just sitting out there,exposed in the truck.Which you don'thave the keys to,if you remember.Nobody else isgonna get those keys.Come on, hey.Just relax. Go inside.Think about your son.Oh, my god,you're right.Good.Thank you.No, Nate,he'd fit.What?Ezekiel would fitinto the fissure.He could get the keys.Are you insane?I got shot out there.I just got shot out there.You know the bulletwas meant for McCoy.They're not still out there.They're not thinkingwe're gonna come back tonight.You're not goingback out there.Ezekiel can't goback out there.Yes, I can.I can help with this. I can.No.No, eze. You can't.Mom, you saidyou wanted my help.Let me do this.Anna.Anna, what are you...Fuck.Okay, you're doing great.Where are they?They can't have gone too far.Ezekiel.Ezekiel.Move back very slowly.I'm going in there,Anna. Get him out of there.Ezekiel.Get out of there, now.Eze,come on out of there.Mom.No. Come on, baby.Mom.Baby, come on.- Come on. Ezekiel.- Help.Come on.Give me your hand.Give me your hand.I'm stuck.We got you. We got you.Call for help.Try to stay calm,Anna. You hear me?- Anna.- Nate! Call someone.Are you bit?Ezekiel, did it bite you?Mom, I don't...Oh, god.Mom.You're gonna be fine,baby, okay?Where's the...There's only one.Okay.Okay, ready?Hold still.Okay? Okay.Mom, I brokedad's watch.That's okay, baby.I'm here.I'm here.Mom, I did it.I know, sweetheart.No, I really did it.Yes. Yes, eze.Come on, you piece of shit.Give me something.Can you hear me?Eze's snake-bit,we're up at the dig site.You gotta sendan ambulance...Is everyone okay? Nate? Nate, goddamn it, talk to me. Nate. Nate. What's going on over there? Hello?Nate.Uncle Nate.Nate, where are you?Are you gonna be okay?Yeah.Yeah. I'm gonna be fine.Just have to find your uncleand get to a hospital.I got the second bite,so I gotthe least of the venom.I'm gonna be fine.We just gottaget out of here.Okay, stay here.Keep an eye outfor your uncle.I'm gonna go find a flareand flag him down.Okay.Okay.Where the hell isthat stupid thing?Nate.We gotta talk.McCoy!Where the hell have you been?What was that back there?Don't get all excited.People were shooting at us.We could have died.People have died.Where's Nate?You come diggin'in my shit,I come diggin'in yours.McCoy?I want those bones.You give me what's mine.I don't know whatyou're talking about.She's not yours.Bullshit, she ain't mine.She's been under my feet.McCoy, she isn't...I found her. Me.And I'm taking her,all right?And I don'tgive a good goddamnwhat I gotta do to do it.Now, you stillgotta be all meanand unpleasant?You don't gottado this my way.You can do itthe nice way.Give me the keys.Don't be stupid now.Use that bigscience brain you got,and don't be stupid.I think there's beena misunderstanding.Nobody's tryingto cheat you...I ain't gota couple of years,dinosaur woman.I got fuckingfive seconds.Just settle down.Nobody's mad.Nobody's gettingexcited now. Huh?Friends.Buddies.Right?Okay.Uh-huh.McCoy: I told youi didn't want it this way!Mom!I told youyou didn't want it.I know you laugh at me.I know you laugh.Daddy's cominghome now, baby girl.Go. Go.Close the door, baby.Mom!No!Mom, help!Shut up.Mom.No.She's mine,god damn it!You'll bring her to me.Anna.Anna, where's eze?Nate.Nate.Come on. Come on.He took my boy.It's gonna be all right.Your mom's gonnado the right thing.You'll see.No!Stop!Did you get bit, too?Ezekiel?Ezekiel?Hey.I meant what I said.You get me outof here, you fuck!Is she safe?Is she safe?Get out.Shit.It should have just stayedin the ground.Ezekiel? Ezekiel?Baby, are you okay?Wake up.Say something.Ezekiel?Say something.Wake up.Mommy.You scared the bejesusout of us, kid.All out of bejesus now.Mom.Mommy.Mom.Mom. Mommy.Have you seenthis pile of crap?Which pile of crapwas that?Dubai, huh?Well, I guessit doesn't matter,really.We're in the badlands,after all.There's alwaysmore bones.Should we tellthe doctor?Nah. She's busy.So, it's like the rings in a tree?Exactly.Yeah, the rocks tell ushow old the earth is.Each linerepresents a milestoneof a few million years.They tell us moreabout who we are,where we came from.Do you ever wishyou can go back?See it yourself?Once, maybe.