片名：《大峡谷》嘿 我们能赶到Hey, we're gonna make it.除非你减速Not if you don't slow down.大峡谷的日出  记得吗？Grand canyon by sunrise, remember?我怎么会忘记？How could I forget?欢迎来到威廉姆斯-大峡谷入口到了Here it is."便宜干净"  最好不过了"Cheap and clean."\nCan't ask for more than that.新婚- 你先请  康韦夫人 - 谢谢  康韦先生- After you, Mrs. Conway.\n- Why, thank you, Mr. Conway.来了  来了  我动作慢但不是聋子Yeah yeah yeah. I may be slow,\nbut I'm not deaf.我知道现在很早  但我们希望..I know it's early, but we were\nhoping that we could...不要说  让我猜猜Don't tell me. Let me guess.你们需要一间房You need a room.我是通灵师  这是我的天赋I'm psychic. It's a gift.- 你们从哪儿来的？- 芝加哥- So where are you from?\n- Chicago.- 你不是说你是通灵师吗？- 灵感来去匆匆- I thought you were psychic.\n- It comes and goes.我们从芝加哥来We're from Chicago.- 我们刚结婚 - 我们私奔的- We just got married.\n- We eloped.- 你相信吗？- 我真是不敢相信- Can you believe it?\n- I'm beside myself with wonder.我们打算周末骑骡子去大峡谷游玩We're taking a mule trip into\nthe grand canyon this weekend.那你们比我好Better you than me.你总是这么热情好客吗？You always this cheerful?不  我通常很暴躁No, I'm usually a tad cranky.3号房  星期一早上11点退房Room 3. Checkout is\nMonday at 11:00 in the A.M.- 行李怎么办？- 行李可以等- What about the luggage?\n- It can wait.- 康韦先生？- 怎么  康韦夫人？- Mr. Conway?\n- Yes, Mrs. Conway?- 再说一遍 - 什么  康韦夫人？- Say that again.\n- What, Mrs. Conway?我很喜欢这个称谓I can't help it.\nI love the way it sounds.慢慢习惯吧Get used to it.我永远也不想习惯And I never want to get used to it.明天的旅行你兴奋吗？So are you getting excited\nabout tomorrow?我是否为Am I excited about riding骑着一头脾气暴躁的骡子a smelly ill-tempered beast进入一个满是灰尘的地下大峡谷而兴奋？into a big, dusty hole in the ground?让我想想Let me think.它们脾气没那么暴躁They're not that ill-tempered,你会习惯那气味的and you get used to the smell.噢  这我也很期待Oh, now that is something\nthat I look forward too.不要这么悲观Don't be such a pessimist.会很棒的It's gonna be amazing.我有个主意I've got an idea.为什么我们不Why don't we...这个周末躺在床上Stay in bed all weekend时不时看看照片来消遣呢？and just look at the picture\nevery once in a while?不  必须反对No. Must resist.我们必须按计划行事Must stick to plan. Must...咱们路上玩Let's get this show on the road.周五你们没有许可证？You don't have a permit?没有边缘地区许可证的话Well, you can't take\na mule trip into the canyon你们不能骡子去大峡谷without a backcountry permit.呃...上哪儿去弄许可证？Okay. Um, where do you get a permit?现在是五月下旬  问题不是哪里而是何时This is late May. The question\nisn't where, the question is when答案是一月and the answer is January.最迟是二月初Early February at the latest.你可以去大峡谷村的牧场问问You could try the Ranger Station\nat Grand Canyon village,但结果不会有什么不同but I doubt they'll tell\nyou anything different.好吧Yeah. Okay.噢  天啊Oh my God.所以你也没有边区许可证？So you don't have\nany backcountry permits?抱歉  你们应该在...I'm sorry, you should've applied...我知道  本该在一月份申请I know, I know,\nI should've applied in January.最迟二月初Early February at the latest.或许你是对的No, you're right.也许是注定去不成Maybe it's just not meant to be.说实话  这样也许最好Honestly, I think it's for the best.或许是吧Well, maybe it is,但或许不是and then again maybe it ain't.我不是有意偷听你们说话I couldn't help but overhear,seeing as I was eavesdropping and all.我只想说  我被你们的两难处境深深打动了I just want to say that I'm\ndeeply moved by your dilemma.听着  我不是故意炫耀Now see, I'm not one\nto really toot my own horn,但事实是but the fact of the matter is that.这些事我都做过I've done it all.我捕猎过海狸  黑熊I trapped beaver, I hunted bear,挖过黄金  和印第安人住一起I panned for gold,\nI lived with the Indians被雷电击中过...and I've been struck by lightning...两次Twice.我被滑坡埋过I've been buried by rockslides,被蝎子蛰过I've been stung by scorpions,被一头山狮袭击过I've been mauled by a Mountain Lion被一头灰熊追着跑了几圈后伤到了这儿and I went a couple of rounds with\na Grizzly before he give me this,但我挖出了它的左眼but I took his left eye in return,所以我们算是扯平了so I guess you could say\nthat we're even.天啊Jeez.远不止这些  朋友And that ain't\nthe half of it, my friend.你到底是谁？Who are you exactly?我是你们难题的答案I'm the answer to your prayers.我名字叫普理查德  两位The name's Pritchard, folks.亨利·西奥多·罗斯福·普里查德Henry Theodore Roosevelt Pritchard,一流导游guide extraordinaire.我有骡子和相关器械I've got the mules, I've got the gear,我有专业技能和勇气I've got the know-how\nand I've got the Huevos.我现在正向你们提供And I'm hereby offering专业服务my expert services.你是说你可以带我们Are you saying that you can take us到大峡谷下面去吗？down into the canyon?基佬屁股是水密的吗？Is a frog's ass watertight?我曾经是为一个大旅行社当导游See, I used to be a guide for\none of those bigger outfits,但后来我们闹翻了but we had a falling out over我想是因为个人创意不同吧what I guess you might\ncall creative differences.这么迟了你能帮我们弄到许可证吗？Can you get us a permit this late?噢  我能帮你们弄到许可证Oh, I can get you a permit.只要贿赂对人就行It's all a question\nof greasing the right palms.你能等我们一会儿吗？Would you excuse us for just one second?当然  再想想  机不可失Well, sure. Take two. Live it up.好Yeah.我想我在《全美通缉令》节目中见过他I think I saw him\non "America's Most Wanted."那人只是有点古怪而已Well, the guy's just a little eccentric.古怪指的是和37只猫一起住在房车里Eccentric is living in\na house trailer with 37 cats,而不是腰带上别着割肉刀四处跟踪他人not stalking around with a meat\ncleaver strapped to your side.但他能帮我们搞到许可证Yeah, but he can...\nhe can get us a permit.他能帮我们被一只独眼熊吃掉Eaten by a one-eyed bear is\nwhat he can get us.但我们可能再也碰不到这种机会We may never get another shot at this.我们不知道以后会怎样  有多少空闲We don't know how much time we have\nor where we're gonna end up.也许以后都没这种旅行机会呢？What if there aren't any other trips?好吧  咱们告诉灰熊亚当斯这个消息吧Okay. Well, let's tell\nGrizzly Adams the news.噢Oh.咱们成交还是成交？So do we have a deal\nor do we have a deal?- 说定了 - 你们不会后悔的  两位- Done.\n- You won't regret it, folks.我不想说这些Now I hate to talk about this,但...请坐下but... have a seat.他说乌鸦们是信使He's saying that\nthe crows are messengers那一只在和我们说话  听and that one's speaking to us. Listen.他在说什么？What's he saying?- 我咋知道  他在说鸟语  - 亨利...- How should I know? He's speaking crow.\n- Henry...你拿到许可证了吗？Did you get a permit?当然  在这儿  把你们的装备放上去Oh yeah, I've got it right here.\nLet's get your gear stowed away.很高兴你们能来I'm glad you made it.谢谢Thank you.没有国家公园服务认证的导游陪同不得进入违反者将被起诉警告：我以前从没骑过骡子  亨利I've never ridden a mule before, Henry.你知道怎么骑车对吗？You know how to ride a bicycle?是Yeah.这就和骑车一样Well, this ain't nothing like that.科罗拉多大峡谷拥有最完善的地理历史记录The Grand Canyon provides the most complete record of geological history囊括了地球上的所有类型that can be found\nanywhere on God's earth.这里有腕足化石There's fossils of Brachiopods,珊瑚化石和软体动物化石coral and mollusks它们存在于凯巴布石灰岩里in the Kaibab Limestone...在最上面的岩层里That's the topmost layer.两亿五千万年前的It is a relative youngster都还算是相对年轻的at 250 million years old,误差不超过一千年give or take a millennium.- 嘿  亨利 - 什么？- Hey, Henry.\n- Yeah?你知道约翰·韦斯利·鲍威尔多少？What do you know\nabout John Wesley Powell?约翰·韦斯利·鲍威尔？John Wesley Powell,他在夏伊洛战争中失去了右臂who lost his right arm\nat the battle of Shiloh而后成为大峡谷著名探险家and went on to become a famous\nexplorer of the Grand Canyon?- 没错 - 从没听说过他- Yeah.\n- Never heard of him.- 好吧  - 跟你开玩笑  朋友- Okay.\n- Just yanking your bootheel, my friend.提到尊敬的约翰·韦斯利·鲍威尔I'm a regular encyclopedia when it comes我就是一部百科全书to the venerable J.W. Powell.我得给这儿照张相I have to get a picture of this.这算是创意不同吗？That qualify as a creative difference?- 要喝点润润嗓子吗？- 不介意我喝吧- Care to wet your whistle?\n- Don't mind if I do.味道不错Not bad.- 你也喝点吧 - 不了  谢谢- Go ahead.\n- No, thanks.咱们得有一人保持清醒One of us should probably stay sober.我们得抓紧Well, we'd best get a move on.中午这里会比德克萨斯减价时的妓院更热It's gonna be hotter than a Texas\ncathouse on dollar day by noontime.那可就太热了Now that's hot.那儿是草原狼走出的小路Right there, tracks of Canis La-trans...这种狼是纳瓦霍人传说的狡诈的象征That's Coyote to the Layman...and trickster of Navajo myth.我们该停会儿We should stop.要来点吗？You want some?会让你长出胸毛Put hair on your chest.我想为时已晚I think that ship has sailed.好Okay.继续  这么点量根本尝不出味道Go ahead. You won't even taste\na paltry amount like that.再来点Go ahead.对咯  这样也许有用  硬汉Yeah, that might do it, tough guy.什么？感觉没什么What? This ain't nothing.你们要喝水吗  过来喝点水You need some water.\nCome on and get some water.好的Yeah.- 你喜欢吗？- 嗯- You like it?\n- Mmm.看出来了I can see that.好了All right.地方不算很差吧？Not too shabby, huh?我当时遇到他的时候...You see, when I saw him that time...有些人活七辈子也可能Some persons... you know,\na person goes seven lifetimes见不到一只山猫without seeing a bobcat,但我却被同一只袭击过三次but I was mauled by\nthe same one three times.我知道是同一只是因为And the reason I know\nit was the same one他是斗鸡眼is because he was a cross-eyed bobcat.这可能就是他暴躁的原因  看我被咬的I guess that's what made him so ornery.\nHe gave me this.噢  天啊Oh my God.是啊Yup.我说过我曾经被骡子袭击过吗？Did I ever mention I was bit by a mule?没有Uh, no.天啊Jeez.- 你做什么了？- 我咬了他后背- What did you do?\n- I bit him back.你们知道我会怎么建议吗？You know what I would suggest?我建议I would suggest that你们到那些岩石后面看看y'all take a look behind\nthose rocks over there.我推荐你们到那后面走走I'd recommend taking\na little walk back there.非常壮观It's... magnificent.绝对值得It'll be worth your while.相信我Trust me.你想去吗？You wanna go?当然Yeah, sure.- 噢  - 噢  喔- Oh.\n- Oh, wow.亨利说的对  这太不可思议了Henry was right. This is amazing.你觉得你妈会原谅我吗？You think your Mom will ever forgive me我硬是把你拉到维加斯结婚for dragging you off\nto Vegas to get married?会的  没问题Yeah, no problem.十年二十年后她也许就原谅你了It shouldn't take\nmore than 10, 12 years.听起来不错Sounds about right.别担心  我一直在做她的思想工作Don't worry. I've been working on her.她会想通的She'll come around.也许她认为咱们结婚的理由不对Maybe she thinks we got married\nfor the wrong reasons.你怎么想？What do you think?我觉得...I feel like...事情终于开始成型Things are finally\nstarting to take shape,终于开始稳定finally starting to form into place.这对我们来说是一个全新的开始I think that this could be\na fresh start for the both of us.我知道为我爸工作并不十分理想I know that working for my dad\nisn't exactly a dream come true...不 不  挺好  挺好No no, it's good, it's good.工作本身和发展前景I mean, the job, the future...挺好It's good.都挺好的It's all good.我刚都想派个搜查队去找你们I was about to send out\na search party for you two.我们可以选择在这扎营You know, we could either camp here或者你们愿意的话or, if a person was so inclined,我可以带你们去参观一下阿纳萨奇岩画I could show 'em a trove\nof Anasazi petroglyphs...有一万两千年那么古老12,000 years old if they're a day...我想我是唯一见到过它们的白人And I think I'm the only white\nman who's ever seen them.你在开玩笑嘛？Are you kidding me?我们完全赞同We are completely inclined.真的吗？需要大半天的路程Oh yeah? A good half-day's\nride from here.那路难走  水源匮乏The going's rough, water's scarce...大多数人都望而却步It's more than most\npeople care to bite off.这听起来太完美了That sounds, you know, perfect.等等  我是不是在一本宣传册上看到过Wait a minute. Didn't I read\nin one of those brochures咱们被要求待在许可证允许的范围内？that you're required\nto stick to the permit?那是个建议而不是要求Well, that's actually more of\na suggestion than a requirement.你们决定Up to you.当心点Watch out.听着  如果你不同意Listen, if you're not cool with this,直说好吗？you just say the word, okay?然后咱们就在这儿扎营And we'll... you know,\nwe'll camp right here.愿意的话  我甚至会以你的名字命名那条小路I'll even name the Creek\nafter you, if you want.拜托Come on.去吧  去吧Come on. Come on.你想去  你想去  你想去You want to do it. You want to do it.\nYou want to do it.好吧  我同意All right. Fine.在前带路  亨利Lead the way, Henry.- 好的  - 咱们走- All right.\n- Let's do it.好嘞  咱们最好马上启程All right. Well, we'd better\nbe getting moving.好的  那是你的  这匹是我的吗？All right. That's yours. Was this mine?这匹是你的  这是你的This is yours. That's yours.约翰·韦斯利·鲍威尔"J.W."... John Wesley Powell.完全一样The very same.在1869年5月  他和另外九个人冒险进入大峡谷Him and nine others\nventured into the canyon in may of 1869.走了3个月  1000多英里后Now three months and 1,000 miles later,只剩六个人走出来only six of them came out.其他人怎么样了？What happened to the others?算了  别介意Actually, never mind.我并不想知道I don't want to know.快Come on.说“失踪并推断已死亡”Say "missing and presumed dead."岩画离这儿还有一小时路程Petroglyphs are about an hour from here.我们到那儿去扎营We'll make camp there.好消息  我臀部已经受不了啦That's good news, 'cause\nmy butt is killing me.是  长官Yes, sir.好All righty.喔  嘿  嘿...Whoa! Hey hey hey hey hey!坚持住  孩子  嘿  嘿Hold on, boy! Hey hey!洛丽Lori.你没事吧？Are you all right?我想没事I think so.噢  不好  起来Oh no. All right, come on.快  快Come on, come on.- 噢  天啊 - 我手臂断了 但还好- Oh my God.\n- Well, my arm's broke but good此外还被蛇咬了两口and I'm snakebit twice to boot.- 是那些响尾蛇吗？- 菱形斑响尾蛇- Those rattlesnakes?\n- Diamondback rattler.还好不是莫哈韦响尾蛇At least it ain't a Mojave rattler.莫哈韦响尾蛇的毒素会直接进入脊髓A Mojave rattler... the venom goes\nstraight to the spinal cord.那可就不妙了That ain't a pleasant way to go.我能做些什么？Is there anything that I can do?你知道该怎么做吗？Yeah, you know what you could do?去看看能不能把那些骡子抓回来You could go see if you\ncan corral them mules,特别是那头载着咱们装备的骡子especially the one\nthat's got our gear on it.- 好的 - 我收不到信号- All right.\n- I don't have a signal.有时候这些东西在这儿能派上用场Sometimes them things work up here有时候不能and sometimes they don't.如果你能帮我找些木头回来I'd be much obliged\nif you could maybe find我会很感激的some kind of piece of wood我可以把它做夹板that I could use for a splint来固定我的手臂so I can immobilize my arm.我最好坐着不动待会儿It's best if I stay still for a minute.好Okay.否则毒素可能进入我的体内Otherwise the venom's gonna\ngo directly into my system.过来  孩子  过来Come here, boy. Come here.过来  孩子  过来Come here, boy. Come here.好孩子That's a good boy.好孩子That's a good boy.该死的Damn.这有点水Got a little water.你最好省着点Yeah, you'd best save it.对  就是这样Right... right there.抱歉Sorry.不是应该把切开个口子Aren't you supposed to cut an incision把毒素吸出来吗？to suck out the venom?这么做会感染You do that, you invite an infection.应该把被咬的地方控制在心脏以下You're supposed to keep the bite\narea lower than your heart.但现在不可能了That's gonna be a little hard to do,因为我的脸被咬了一口since I got bit on the face.也许我该站在自己的头上Maybe I'd better stand on my head.我们得把你送到医院去We've gotta get you to a hospital.不  现在往回走太迟了No, it's too late to head back now.抱歉Sorry.在这儿歇一晚  明早天一亮就离开这儿Bed down here. Head out at first light.咱们得马上点起篝火We'll soon get a fire started.等等Ow. Yo, wait a minute.就剩这么点火柴吗？This all the matches you have left?不  我的包里还有很多No, I've got a lot more\nleft in my saddlebags.都在那头载货的骡子身上- Which is on the supply mule.\n- Uh-huh.还有急救品Yeah, along with the first aid kit,食物和水也都在它身上along with the food and water.- 妈的 - 你已经说过了  朋友- Shit.\n- You said it, my friend.绑的很好That's pretty good.- 好 - 你还好吗？- Good.\n- You all right?没事Yeah.我们还能为你做点什么？亨利Is there anything more\nwe can do for you, Henry?别让火灭了就行No, just keep that fire going.我开始感觉有点冷了I'm starting... I'm starting\nto get the chills.亨利  接下去会怎样？So, Henry, what happens now?我可能会发烧Well, I'll probably get a fever.可能会头晕眼花I guess I'll get dizzy,看不清东西blurred vision.某个时候会开始失去意识I'll take leave of my senses\nat some point,虽然你很难发现though you might be\nhard-pressed to tell.咱们最好把那蛇给吃了You know, I think that we'd\nbest cook up them rattlers.没别的吃的  伙计们The cupboard's bare, folks,咱们没法挑三拣四and we can't afford to be choosy.你能帮我吗？Will you help me? Huh?给Here.我该怎么做？Yeah. What do I do?切开肛门周围的连接肌肉You just cut the connecting muscles around the anal vent把皮剥下来to release the skin.对  好Yeah, that's good.想吃点吗？味道像鸡肉You want some? It tastes like chicken.不  谢谢  我是素食者No thanks, I'm a vegetarian.什么时候开始的？Since when?从我发现这东西还有肛门排泄孔开始Since I found out that thing\nhad an anal vent.可能是灰狼  西部大灰狼That'd be Canis Lupus...\nWestern Timber Wolf是在找对象？looking for a date.我想是某人走运了And I guess somebody got lucky.听起来他们像是在狩猎Sounds like they're hunting.我不知道这附近有狼I didn't know there were\nwolves around here.噢 是啊Oh yeah.他们现在到这地方了They're here now.他们无处可去No place left for them to go.我们侵占它们的领地太久了We've encroached on their\nterritory for so long,几乎没给它们留下吃的东西ain't hardly nothing\nleft for them to eat,所以有时候它们四处觅食so sometimes they go looking\nfor food in places.他们只是在努力生存下去They're just looking to survive,就像你我一样same as you and me.你破坏了大自然You screw with Mother Nature,她就会找到一种方式回击你she's gonna find a way\nto screw you right back.既然这样  我得再试试手机能不能用On that note, I think\nI'll try my cell phone again.周日嘿  亨利  你没事吧？Hey, Henry, are you all right?好多了I've been better.让我...Let me just...我这有唇膏I've got some chapstick\nin here somewhere.噢  宝贝  好Oh, baby. All right.咱们最好马上动身Well, we'd best get a move on.嘿  宝贝  给我唇膏Hey, darling, give me\nsome of that chapstick.- 嘘  - 怎么了  亨利？- Hush.\n- What is it, Henry?印第安人说  乌鸦常和狼群合作Indians say that crows work\nin tandem with wolves,引导它们去找到受伤的猎物leading them to injured prey.狼群吃剩的就给乌鸦The wolves feast and the\ncrows get the leftovers.噢Oh.噢  在那儿Oh, there it is.幸好我不是印第安人Lucky for me I ain't no Indian.你那还有什么物品？Hey, what else you got in that thing?防晒油  面巾纸Sunscreen, Kleenex,相机备用电池和口香糖spare battery for my camera and gum.口香糖？你有口香糖Gum? Ooh, you've got gum.来 拿出来Come on. Fork it over.好  你要一半吗？Yes. You want half?- 谢谢 - 谢谢- Thanks.\n- Thanks.咱们不应该已经到露营地了吗？Shouldn't we be at\nthe Campground by now?我不知道I don't know.如果早知道这位人体指南针会出毛病If I had known our human\ncompass was gonna go haywire,我就该更加留心才对I would've paid closer attention.事后诸葛亮Hindsight being 20/20.咱们迷路了  对吗？We're lost, aren't we?不  咱们没迷路No, we're not lost.哈喽Hello!你没有迷路You're not lost!感觉好点了吗？Feel better?一点也没有Not even remotely.好吧  咱们开始扎营  就在这儿All right, let's make camp.\nWe'll make it here.如果他撑不住了怎么办？What if he doesn't make it?我害怕  尼克I'm scared, Nick.我看到它们了  我看到它们了I see 'em! I see 'em!- 我看到它们来了 - 亨利- I see 'em coming!\n- Henry!我看到它们的愤怒了 我看到...I've seen their wrath! I see...亨利  你怎么样了  老兄？Henry, what are you doing, man?- 我去追骡子 - 好- All right, I'll go get the mule.\n- Okay.- 亨利？- 噢  天啊- Henry?\n- Oh, you... oh my God.大自然很残酷不是吗？It ain't that mother nature's cruel.她不在乎用什么办法She don't care one way\nor another about it.但她从不犯错But make no mistake...不管用什么方式  她总会在某天实行one way or another,\nshe will have her day.亨利  早上我们会第一时间送你去医院  好吗？Henry, we'll get you to a hospital\nfirst thing in the morning, okay?噢  亨利  不要...Oh, Henry, please don't...亨利？Henry?不要No.该屎的Damn it.他死了He's dead.我们不能把他就这样扔在这儿We can't just leave him here.没骡子  咱们没法运他出去Well, we can't carry his body out,\nnot without a mule.我们应该把他埋了We should bury him.咱们回去后再告知相关部门We can notify the authorities\nwhen we get back.最好开始动手Better get to it.周一- 嗨 - 嗯？- Hi.\n- Hmm?- 早 - 早- Morning.\n- Hey.嘿Mmm. Hey.你整晚都醒着吗？Were you awake all night?- 嗯  大部分时间  - 噢 不- Mmm, pretty much.\n- Oh no.咱们应该从那儿出去We should head out that way.再见了  亨利So long, Henry.回家后我要把厨房装修一下I want to paint the\nkitchen when we get back.你想装修厨房？You want to paint the kitchen?白色太单调White is so boring.太严肃枯燥It's so safe. It's so nothing.应该要更活泼It should be more vibrant,更有生气  像南瓜色more alive, like pumpkin或者砖红色这样的or brick red or something.除了白色之外都好Anything but white,你保证咱们回家后you promise me that\nwe'll paint the kitchen- 要装修一下厨房？- 当然  洛丽- when we get back home?\n- Sure, Lori.- 你想怎样都行 - 我是认真的- Whatever you want.\n- I'm serious.你得保证咱们回家后要装修一下厨房You promise me that we'll paint the\nkitchen when we get back home.好  我保证All right, I promise.我不会死在这儿的  尼克I'm not gonna die out here, Nick.不用了  谢谢No, thanks.我饱着I'm all full.好吧  过来  给我一片All right, come here. Give me a piece.来  给我来些Come on. Give me some.往哪儿走？So which way?露营地在南边Well, the Campground's South of here.太阳从这边下山  所以这是西边The sun's headed that way,\nso that's West.南边肯定在这里So South must be here.咱们往那儿走We go that way.只要你有把握As long as you're sure.我当然有把握I'm sure.嘿  看Hey, look.不No.现在这样有点残忍Now that's just plain cruel.咱们离上次吃东西有多久了？How long do you think it's\nbeen since we had anything除了口香糖之外？to eat or drink besides gum?不知道  今天是星期几？I don't know. What day is it?我想是周一Monday, I think.咱们上周六晚上吃了响尾蛇I had some rattlesnake Saturday night.算你走运Lucky you.天啊  知道我现在最想吃什么？Oh God, you know what I could\nreally go for right now?- 哈？- 披萨- Huh?\n- A pizza.我不会拒绝披萨的I wouldn't say no to a pizza.哈喽？Hello?噢  对  嗨Oh, yeah, hi.我要订一个大披萨I'd like to order a large pizza,能再加点奶酪吗？and can I get that with extra cheese?还要些意大利辣肠  香肠Don't forget the pepperoni\nand the sausage.你听清了吗？太好了Did you get that? Great.噢  还有Oh, by the way,你们送外卖吗？do you deliver?手机拿出来了就试一试You might as well try it\nwhile you have it out.你永远不知道啥时候有信号You never know.嘿  有信号Hey, I've got a signal.打911Call 911.- 妈的 - 怎么？- Shit.\n- What?信号丢失I lost it.什么？什么...？What? What what what?- 能收到吗？- 收不到了- Anything?\n- Damn it.算了 算了It's all right. It's all right.这说明咱走的方向是对的It means we're on the right track.什么？What?马上就到旅馆退房时间了It's gonna be checkout time\nat the Motel pretty soon.咱们这样子是肯定要迟到了Something tells me we're\ngonna be a little late.咱们告诉过旅馆经理骑骡子到大峡谷旅行的事对吗？We told the manager we were going on\na mule trip into the Canyon, right?是的  然后呢？Yeah, so?然后？假如咱们没有按时退房"So?" So when we don't\ncheck out on time,她就会意识到出事了she's gonna realize\nthat something is wrong然后她会通知有关部门and she's gonna notify the Authorities.什么？那个旅馆经理？What? The Motel Manager?就算咱们身上着火了  她也不会泼水相救的She wouldn't pour water\non us if we were on fire.咱们11点之前不去退房When we don't show up by 11:00她只会再多收一天房钱she's gonna charge us for another day.是的  但...Yeah, but...这就是亨利说的岩画吗？Are these the petroglyphs\nHenry was talking about?不No.它们是在...They're, uh... those are...它们应该在那后面某个地方those are back there somewhere.除非是咱们刚绕了一大圈又回来了Unless we just walked in a big circle.不敢相信I don't believe it.咱现在比早上出发的时候离露营地更远We're farther from the Campground\nthan when we started this morning.不敢相信  我被你说服往这儿走I can't believe\nI let you talk me into this.不No.我问过你愿意来看岩画吗 你说好I asked if you were cool\nwith this and you said yes.当时我还能有别的选择吗？And what choice did I have?你看起来像在执行某种任务似的You know, it's like you're\non some kind of a mission.坚持不懈  甘冒愚蠢的风险You're always pushing it\nand you take stupid risks!一直不肯停下You never stop!好了 你现在必须面对这残酷的现实You know, sometimes you\nneed to face up to reality.我正在面对Oh, I'm facing it.就是这里  洛丽Here it is, Lori!哈？Huh?!- 你想要的所有现实 - 都是因为你- All the reality you want!\n- Yeah, thanks to you.我来这儿全都是因为你You know, I came here only for you!看  看  这些Look look, here it is.看这些东西  都是咱们的Here it is. Look at it.\nIt's all ours, huh?!停下Stop it!噢  我...Oh, I...咱们离开这儿Let's get out of here.看上去咱们要么往那儿走It looks like we either\nhead out that way...要么爬上去Or we climb.看看这里Check this out.好  我看  要我看什么？Okay, I'm checking it out.\nWhat am I checking out?- 这绝对可行 - 绝对"可行"- This is definitely doable.\n- Define "doable."上面有很多抓手点There's plenty of handholds.只要咱们到那个岩架上Once we get to that ledge,就可以顺着那条岩缝走we'd scoot across this seam,摆动着爬上那条裂缝shimmy up that crevice there,一直到最后一块岩石表面make our way up to the last rock face瞧  咱们就到顶了and voila, we're at the top.- 怎么样？- 摆动...- What do you think?\n- Shimmy?我想你被太阳晒傻了I think you've been out\nin the sun too long.嘿  咱们能办到Hey, we can do this.这就像我在攀岩馆爬过的那堵墙一样This is just like that wall I used\nto climb in that rock gym.你只爬过一次  尼克You climbed it once, Nick.但教练说我有这天赋Yeah, and the instructor\nsaid I was a natural.小心点Be careful.我刚怎么和你说的？What did I tell you?小菜一碟Piece of cake.那上面也许有信号Well, we might be able to get\na phone signal from up there.比起在这底下We'll have a much better chance上面有信号的可能性大得多of being spotted\nup there than down here.这是最好的选择It's our best option.我们能做到We can do this.那还等什么？Then what are we waiting for?这点不错Here's a good one.好Okay.你还行吗？You all right?还行Uh, yeah.咱到顶上了  再问我这问题Ask me again when we get to the top.也许我该在这儿试试手机Maybe... maybe I should\njust try my phone from here.什么？不不  现在不行What? No no, not now. Not now.- 可以的  就现在  - 好  动作快些- Yeah, now.\n- All right, make it quick.我需要你帮忙  能抓住我的手吗？Okay. I need your help.\nCan you hold my hand?- 好的  你抓住我了吗？- 是的- Okay, you got me?\n- Yeah.好Okay.- 有信号了？- 什么？- I've got a signal.\n- What?响了It's ringing.- 好 - 这里是911- Yeah!\n- 911.喂？喂？我们需要帮助Hello? Hello? We need help.我们的导游...喂？Our guide is... Hello?喂？断了Hello? I lost her.没事的  再试一次It's all right. Try again.又响了It's ringing again.这里是911  您有什么紧急情况？911. What's your emergency?嗨  我们走丢了 在...Hi, we're lost in...妈的  妈的  又断了Shit! Shit! I lost her again.没事All right.打开扬声器Put it on speaker探出身体  我会抓住的and lean out. I'll hold on.- 真的吗？- 是的  我抓稳了- Really?\n- Yeah, I've got you.快  你能做到Come on. You can do it.好Okay.- 好  好  - 继续- Okay. Okay.\n- Go ahead.- 准备好了吗？- 好了- Ready?\n- Yeah.- 确定？- 是的- Are you sure?\n- Yeah.好   好Okay okay.这里是911  喂  喂911. Hello. Hello.- 能听到吗？- 你们位置在哪儿？- Can you hear me?\n- What's your location?我们在大峡谷走失了We're lost in the Grand Canyon.- 收到 - 噢 天啊  糟糕- Gotcha.\n- Oh my God. Oh shit.好Yeah, okay.尼克Nick.嘿  亲爱的  你还好吗？Hey, honey, are you okay?你没事吧？Are you okay?- 你还好吗？- 我的腿...我的腿...- Are you okay?\n- My leg... my leg...噢  痛死了...oh, it's killing...好  我到这边看看Okay, I'm just gonna\ngo over here and take a look. Okay.我把你的裤子卷起来能看清些I'm gonna lift your pant leg\nup to get a better look.噢  天啊Oh my God.- 断了吗？- 我不...- Is it broken?\n- I don't...我没法肯定I can't really tell.洛丽  把我拉出来Lori, just pu... pull me out.- 拉我出来 - 不  尼克  我...- Just pull... just pull me...\n- No, Nick, I...不  我们不应该那么做No, I don't think\nwe should try and do that.- 拉我...拉我出来  - 好的  好的  亲爱的- Pull me... pull me out!\n- Okay. Okay, honey.- 拉我 - 好- Pull me up.\n- All right.- 噢  妈的  - 好的  准备好了吗？- Oh, fuck.\n- Okay, ready?来  帮我Come here. Help me.用力Keep pulling!使劲  噢  对  好Keep trying! Oh yeah, that's good!尼克？Nick?噢  不Oh, no.滚远点Get outta here!滚远点Get outta here!尼克  尼克  我听到你喊了Nick, Nick, I heard you shouting.- 你到哪儿去了？- 我想- Where the hell, where you?\n- I thought that如果我能找到一根杠杠if I could find some kind of a lever,也许就能撬开这块巨石maybe I can pull this Boulder up.真的吗？Really?快Come on.啊  天啦Ah! God!现在看着怎样？How's it look?没太糟糕Not too bad.你一直都不会撒谎You've always been a shitty liar.没事的It's okay.这是当妻子的好品质It's a good quality to have in a wife.很糟对吗？That bad, huh?有主意吗？Any ideas?我可以去求救I could go for help.但我们迷路了Except we're lost.你手机呢？What happened to your phone?你刚不是打通过吗？Your call went through\nbefore though, right?即使通了  我也没来得及Even if it did, I didn't get a chance告诉接线员咱们的具体位置to tell the operator where we are...我都不知道自己在哪儿Not that I even know where we are.但亨利给咱办了许可证  他没回去But Henry got us a permit,\nand when he doesn't show up,他们就会知道咱们失踪了  然后they're gonna know that\nwe're missing and they're gonna派人来找我们  不用担心send somebody to come\nlooking for us, so it's okay.你真的以为Do you really think亨利拿到许可证了吗？that Henry actually got a permit?你听说过有个人在犹他州Do you remember the story\nof the guy who went hiking徒步旅行的故事吗？我想是...in... God... in Utah, I think it was?他掉下去...He fell...或者被滑落的岩石压住了Or maybe he got caught in a rockslide.记不太清  但总之I don't remember, but anyway他的手臂he got his arm被块大石头锁住了pinned by a Boulder.他用尽了一切办法脱身He tried everything\nhe could to free himself但都不管用but nothing worked,最后他砍掉了自己的手臂so he cut off his own arm.情况不一样I think that was different.不  没太大不同No, it's not that different.他是独自一人He was alone.而我还有你And I have you.我们比他多一人We're one up on him.不  他没得选择  但咱们有No, he had no choice, but we do.- 有吗？- 有  咱可以- Do we?\n- Yes, we can,咱还可以试试别的办法you know, still try\nand work something out.他活下来了He survived.我也能I could too.尼克  你不能砍掉自己的腿Nick, you... you can't\ncut off your foot.我知道我不能...I know I can't...但是你能But you could.不No.不  不No. No.痛苦就像The pain is闪电一样在我血管里乱串like lightning running through my veins.我不能  我不能那么做I can't... I can't do that.- 我不能砍掉...- 我刚看到一只狼- I can't cut off...\n- I saw a Wolf.什么？在这儿？What? Here?你去找木头的时候看见的When you went looking\nfor that piece of wood.好的  好的Okay. All right.- 咱们得把你弄出来  - 噢  洛丽  没用的- We've got to get you out of here.\n- Oh, Lori, it's no use.洛丽  拜托Lori, please.洛丽  拜托Lori, please.我们得马上离开We have to go now.洛丽  不要  求你不要Lori, don't. Please don't.- 来  - 不  拜托- Come on.\n- No. Oh, please.- 来  帮帮我  拜托 - 求求你- Come on. Help me, please.\n- Please.- 求你不要  不要 - 快- Please don't. Please don't.\n- Come on.- 求你不要  - 抱歉- Please don't.\n- I'm sorry.抱歉  抱歉I'm sorry. I'm sorry.噢  来  拜托Oh, come on, please.动动你的腿  拜托Please move your leg. Oh, please.- 请停下 停下  - 拜托- Please stop. Please stop.\n- Please!噢  请...Oh, please get...我们不能待在这儿We can't stay.救救我们Help us.看来你说得对Let's say that you're right我们不得不...and we have to...我不得不割掉你的腿I have to cut your foot off.我到底该怎么做？How exactly am I supposed to do that?用亨利的刀子With Henry's knife.我们把它埋了We buried it.我怎么会如此愚蠢？How could I be so stupid?我返回去找那把刀I'll go back and get the knife.- 算了  - 别这样- Forget it.\n- Come on.你说过不把你弄出来You said it yourself, if we\ndon't get you out of here,你就死定了then you're gonna die.你不知道回亨利坟墓的路You don't know your way\nback to Henry's grave.- 我可以试试 - 如果走丢了呢？- I can try.\n- But what if you get lost?我已经走丢了Huh. I'm already lost.- 我说真的 - 我也是说真的- I'm serious.\n- So am I.我可以做到的I can do this.不  我不能让你去No, I can't let you.你现在怎么拦住我Well, try and stop me.抱歉  这不好笑I'm sorry. That wasn't funny.挺好笑Yeah, it was.这应该足够了That should be plenty.给Here.- 哈 - 以防万一- Huh.\n- Just in case.太好了 软糖在哪儿？Great. Where are the marshmallows?我得去了Well, I should get going.我不想天黑还回不来I don't want to get caught\nout there in the dark.嘿  我转眼就回来了Hey, I'll be back so fast you\nwon't even know I was gone.咱很快就能再见I'll see you soon.路上做好标记Happy trails.洛丽Lori.小心点Be careful.噢  你到底在哪儿  亨利？Oh, where the hell are you, Henry?好  噢  天啊Okay. Oh, God.对不住了 亨利I'm sorry, Henry.天啊God.尼克Nick.- 嘿 - 嘿- Hey.\n- Hey.抱歉打扰到你Sorry to interrupt.不  没事No, don't be.感觉怎么样？How are you feeling?我无法抱怨I can't complain.亨利怎么样？How's Henry?这是什么？What's this?咱们的许可证It's our permit.上面写什么？What's it say?我们会待在哈瓦苏派露营地That we'll be staying\nat Havasupai Campground.5月28号  星期一回去Returning on Monday, May the 28th.所以即使他们来搜寻我们So even if they go looking for us,也不知道往哪去they won't know where to look.你消毒了吗？Did you sterilize it?是的 我有Yeah. Yeah, I did.好That's good.我不想感染I wouldn't want to get an infection.没事的It's all right.我不会怨你的I won't hold it against you.你保证？Promise?千真万确Cross my heart,誓死不悔hope to die.给  你咬住这东西Here, you have to bite on this.嗯Mmm.我喜欢你说下流话的样子I love it when you talk dirty.滚远点Get out of here!别烦我们Leave us alone!嘿Hey.我得去多找些木头I have to go get more wood.祝我好运Wish me luck.你做的？Did you?我们回家后  我...When we get back, I'm...我们回家后怎么样？When we get back...?回家后  我找你父亲辞职When we get back, I'm not gonna\ntake that job with your father.辞职？You're not?谁会找一个单腿的销售员买跑鞋？Who's gonna buy running shoes\nfrom a one-legged salesman?单腿跑步的人会找你买One-legged joggers.我就不该把咱们带入这种困境I never should have\ngotten us into this mess.这里不属于我们We don't belong here.滚远点Go on!滚开  你们这群混蛋Get away, you bastards!周二有水吗？Is that water?一点水也没We don't have any water.我去看看那头骡子I'll check the mule.我们没有骡子  记得吗？We don't have a mule, remember?给  给  你得吃点东西Here. Here, you should\ntry and eat something.给  张开嘴Here. Open your mouth.这是什么？Oh. What is it?烤狼肉It's roast wolf.你不是素食者嘛I thought you were a vegetarian.有时是  有时不是It comes and goes.给  张开嘴Here, open your mouth.快  你得吃点东西Come on. You've got to eat something.我想吃口香糖I wouldn't say no\nto the last stick of gum.给  振作点Here, live it up.整片吃下去Take the whole thing.给Here.对不起  我真希望自己还能为你做点什么I'm sorry. I wish there was\nsomething more I could do for you.我不知道我和...I can't tell where I... and,其它一切是从哪儿开始的and everything else begins.我感觉自己正在消失I feel like I'm disappearing.嘿  你没有在消失  你就在这里Hey, you're not disappearing.\nYou're right here.我不再是我I'm not me anymore.我是所有I'm all of this.我是一切I'm everything.你知道吗？And you know what?- 不要紧的 - 不  要紧的- It's okay.\n- No, it's not okay.嘿  我会把你带出这里的Hey, I'm going to get you out of here,但你要坚持住  你不能丢下我而去but I need you to stay strong.\nYou can't give up on me.嘿  我说真的Hey, I am serious.我现在情绪不好  你别惹我  明白吗？I'm in a really lousy mood and you\ndon't want to piss me off, okay?- 明白吗？- 明白- You got it?\n- I've got it.好Good.咱们马上动身离开这Now let's get the hell out of here.就把我扔在这吧Leave me here.不  想都别想No. Forget it.拖着我你永远也走不出去You'll never make it\nout of here with me.求你不要Please. Please don't.求你Please.这太痛了That hurts too much.这是懦夫才会说的话That's just your inner wimp talking.- 求你停下 - 不  停下就死定了- Please stop.\n- No, if we stop, we die.起来  快  起来  起来Get up. Come on, get up. Up.起来Come on.把手臂放在那上面Put your arm in that... Over that.另一只手放我身上  快Other arm over me. Come on.- 你为什么要这么做？- 别说话- Why are you doing this?\n- Stop talking.浪费能量You're wasting energy.我明白了...严厉的爱对吗？I get it... Tough love, right?你最好相信You'd better believe it.我之前从没相信过Never been a fan.等等  咱们得停会儿Wait. We have to stop for a minute.- 哈？- 躺下- Huh?\n- Yeah, lie down.噢Oh.你的样子不错That's a good look for you.我高兴你喜欢我这副模样I'm glad you like it.我想压在你身上  但是...I'd jump your bones, but...以后再说Some other time.我从不知道你这么的...I never knew that you were so...勇敢Brave.我不是I'm not.我吓死了I'm scared shitless.那不等于你不勇敢That doesn't mean you're not brave.只不过看出你很聪明That just means that you're smart.- 洛丽 - 想都别想- Lori...\n- Forget it.我不会抛下你的I'm not leaving you here.抱歉  洛丽I'm sorry, Lori.- 闭嘴  - 我说真的  洛丽- Shut up.\n- I mean it, Lori.你很擅长激怒我You really know how\nto get under my skin.这正是你爱我的其中一点That's one of the things\nyou love about me.实际上  这是我要为你改变的一件事Actually, it's one of the things I'm going to change about you.所以我可以期待一下So I have that to look forward to.别难过Don't be sad.我们本可以待在床上We should've stayed in bed...时不时地And just looked at the picture看看那些照片every once in a while.我早跟你说过I told you.或者去夏威夷Or gone to Hawaii.夏威夷很美Hawaii's nice.我赌他们去的就是夏威夷I'll bet that's where they're going.谁？Who?起来  起来Okay, come on. Come on.我们得离开这  快We've got to go. Come on.快  起来  起来Come on, up up.稳住Stay.噢  天啊  嘿  起来  起来Oh my God. Hey, come on, come on.快  我们得站起来Come on, we've got to get up.我们不能在这儿多留一晚  快We can't stay here another night.\nCome on.快  快  宝贝Come on. Come on, baby.快  快起来  尼克  拜托Come on, get up please.\nNick, please.滚开Go!接着滚  滚开Go on! Go!滚开这儿  滚Get out of here! Go!快滚Go on!别碰他Get away from him!滚开  别碰他Go on! Get away from him!尼克  起来  尼克  咱们得离开这儿Nick. Come on, Nick.\nWe have to go."至死不分离？""...until death do you part?"我爱你I love you.噢  天啊  对不起Oh God. I'm sorry.对不起I'm sorry.女士  你没事吧？Ma'am, are you okay?我们得送你去医院We've got to get you to a Hospital.明白吗？Do you understand me?你昨天打了求救电话对吗？Did you make an S.O.S. call yesterday?我们要给她输氧We need to get her some oxygen.她惊吓过度  好  女士She's going into shock.\nOkay, ma'am, I just need you你看着我的眼睛  看着我的眼睛to look me in the eyes.\nJust look me in the eyes.会没事的  我们会带你离开这儿It's gonna be okay.\nWe're gonna get you out of here.看着我的眼睛  你会没事的Look me in the eyes.\nYou're gonna be okay.慢点呼吸  明白吗？Just slow down your breathing, okay?