万圣节Ah, Halloween!今夜皆需小心  马人出没The night all must beware of... Horse-Man!泥嚎嚎嚎嚎Hello-o-o-o-o!我是说  嗨哈里I mean, hi, Harry.彼得你在哪呢  地平线中学的万圣派对已开始了Where are you, Pete? The Horizon Halloween party's started,我觉得自己像个马屁and I kind of feel like a horse's behind.淡定  我知道你不是在最好的状态下离开学校的Relax. I know you didn't leave school on the best terms.但今天万圣节  大家只想嗨But it's Halloween. Everyone just wants to have fun.不  我是说  我真打扮成了个马屁股No. I mean, I literally feel like a horse's behind.哦没错  马头马上就到Oh, yeah. Right. The horse's head is on the way.我到的时候你甚至还没说I'll be there before you can even say...能力越大  责任越大"With great power comes great responsibility."我干嘛会说这个  这话啥意思Why would I say that? What does that even mean?这意味着我得晚点到了  但我会尽快赶去的Uh, it means I'm running late, but I'll be there as soon as I can.- 有熊从动物园里逃出来了吗  - 情况更糟Did a bear break out of the zoo? It's worse!是狮子吗A lion?狼人  好吧  我猜是因为今晚万圣节A werewolf? Well, I guess it is Halloween night.但还是  似乎是预料之中的But, still, kind of predictable.好吧我没预料到这一招Okay. I didn't predict that.你的装扮绝壁能赢最痛苦现实主义奖了Well, your costume definitely wins Most Painfully Realistic.有这个奖  对吧That's an award, right?天  这么大的My, what big...要是你听到这句  帮我刹车Stop me if you've heard this one.我承认  这笑话不好笑It was a bad joke. I admit it!距我上次砸东西已过了10分钟了It's been ten minutes since I smashed something.放开这孩子Now get off the kid!我觉得浩克没开玩笑I don't think Hulk's kidding.就是那样  狼狼  浩克不开玩笑That's right, wolfie. Hulk don't kid around.闪开  虫虫Outta the way, bug.丑八怪  不给糖就砸你Trick or smash, ugly!事实上  我叫蜘蛛侠Well, actually, I'm named Spider-Man,还有and, uh...好吧  你不在乎Yeah, you don't care.闭嘴  找个安全的角落蹲着Shut up and get to safety.遵命长官  我闭嘴Yes, sir. Shutting up.尽管我也是个超级英雄Although, I'm a superhero, too, you know.有这些疯狂的蜘蛛技能Got these mad spider skills.你当然比我逼格更高  但是I'm not at your level, of course, but...好吧你还是没听And you're not listening.我想你已经控制住场面了Well, I guess you've got this under control.我还有急事要去忙  那I have this thing I need to get to, and...等等  怎么回事Wait. What's happening?那块水晶刚刚是从浩克那汲取了些能量吗Did that crystal just drain some of Hulk's power?这怪物比我壮  比我狂暴This thing's much bigger and angrier than me.但也许我比他更聪明些But I might be a little smarter.利用点杠杆原理还有惯性Put a little leverage and inertia on my side,然后and...出人意料的弹弓蜘蛛侠No one expects Slingshot Spider-Man.我该注册个商标I should trademark that.浩克  那狼人跑了  我们最后Hulk, the werewolf's run off. We better...- 班纳博士  - 是我Dr. Banner? Yes.谢谢你Thank you.我不想让你尴尬  但我是你的铁杆粉I don't want this to get awkward, but I'm a huge fan.现在不太适合自拍对吧Probably a bad time for a selfie, right?是的没错I think so, yeah.对不起  我只是太兴奋了Ah, I'm sorry. I'm just overexcited.你关于伽马辐射衰变的论文真震撼人心Your paper on gamma radiation decay is such a thrilling read.好的Wow.通常大家都是迷浩克的Usually it's the Hulk that people go fanboy over.事实上  是总是Actually, always.你是个科学家  我也是Well, you're a scientist, and I'm a scientist.我是说  希望未来我会成科学家I mean, I hope to be one day.我不是说我已经达到了你的水平  只是I wasn't suggesting we're both on the same level. It's just...别这样  我懂的Please stop. I get it.所以  假设一下So, just hypothesizing here.那狼人脖子上挂的能抽干你能量的东西That thing around the werewolf's neck that drained your power应该不是啥神秘事物对吧couldn't be mystical, right?因为魔法都是骗小孩的  即使在万圣夜Because magic isn't real. Even on Halloween.我在实验室检测到了一个伽马峰值  追踪到那颗宝石上I detected a gamma spike from my lab and traced it to that gem.它似乎吸收和辐射伽马能量It seems to absorb and radiate gamma energy.也许就是人狼变身的动力Might be what fueled the Man-Wolf's transformation.人狼吗  你是说那玩意是个人"Man-Wolf"? You think that thing's a person?可能是一个被困在愤怒的怪物里的人Possibly a human trapped inside a rage monster.这感觉我深有体会Something I'm a little familiar with.快来  我需要帮手帮我猎捕他Come on. I need help hunting him down.希望你今晚没有约Hope you didn't have any plans for the evening.是的  我给你找件T恤穿吧Yeah, and maybe we can find you a shirt?彼得  你已经迟到45分钟了鈾? Pete, you're now 45 minutes late,所有人都在盯着我  指摘我and everyone is starting at me, judging.- 我打扮成了大白鲨  - 哈里·奥斯本Yeah, I'm dressed up as a great white shark. Harry Osborn?现身地平线高中At Horizon High.你是来确保我们所有派对  都会Are you here to make sure all our parties end以你臭屁自己现在在奥兹学院结尾吗with you saying you're staying at Oz Academy?很风趣  格温Very funny, Gwen.- 彼得请我来的  - 你扮的什么Pete invited me. And what's your costume?扮一个潜伏在角落里的马屁股吗Guy who lurks in the corner dressed as a horse's rear?我会给你提一些有创意的点子的I'll give you points for originality.彼得和我本应该俩人一起扮马的Pete and I were supposed to be a costume together,但很明显他还没来  好吧but he's obviously not here, and, well,正如你所说的  自从我算是毁了kind of uncomfortable since, as you said,地平线中学的上一个派对  我就有点不安I sort of ruined Horizon's last party.别傻了Don't be silly.在万圣夜  你想扮成谁就扮成谁On Halloween night, you can pretend to be anyone you want.你不是有个啥伽玛追踪器什么的嘛Don't you have some kind of gamma tracker or something?是的  不过算是被砸坏了Well, I did. Kind of got smashed.这工作一直都有这隐患It's a constant job hazard.所以  等我们找到这个怪物  你会变身浩克搞定他  对吧So, when we find this thing, you're gonna be able to Hulk out on him, right?还不行  他从我身上汲取了太多的能量Not yet. He drained too much energy from me.我没有力气了Don't have the strength.现在这个人狼有可能在任何地方And this Man-Wolf could be anywhere.有只狼人在逃There's a werewolf on the loose!库尔特  打扮得真不错Oh, yeah? Good costume, Kurt.不  不是我  这是个真狼人No, not me! A real werewolf!所以  我们是走这条超恐怖的小路So, we could take the super creepy path...还是走那条超恐怖的小路呢or the other super creepy path.不  这一点也不吓人Nah. This isn't horrifying at all.蜘蛛手机显示有紧急事件吗Emergency on the Arachna-Phone?差不太多啦Something like that.你无法想象过着双重生活有多艰难You can't imagine how hard it is to live two separate lives...好吧  当我没说Yeah, forget I said that.听着哈里  对不起突发紧急事件  但我还是会尽力赶过来的  我Look, Harry, I'm sorry. There's been this emergency, and I still plan to make it. I...别过来  去寻求帮助  我们被袭击了Do not come here! Send for help! We're under attack!被什么袭击了  是个大狼人Attacked by what? It's a giant werewolf!我想我们找到他了I think we found him!所有人  去安全的地方Everyone, get to safety!奥斯本Osssboorn!你是詹姆森吗Jameson?嘿  你是不是这个学校的Hey, do you even go to this school?因为我感觉你可不在宾客列表上  小狼Because something tells me you're not on the guest list, wolfie!讲真  没有一个人打扮成蜘蛛侠吗Really? Not one person dressed as Spider-Man?嘿  人狼Hey, Man-Wolf,吃太多的糖对你的健康不好哦too much candy can be bad for you!这个客人也太烂了Terrible party guest.在我找到逆转变形的方法之前We need to keep the creature contained我们得把这个东西压制住until I can find a way to reverse the transformation.别让他离开你的视线Don't let him out of your sight.这些人我也得盯着吗Do I keep an eye on those guys too?哇  看来今年流行疯狼装扮啊Wow. Crazy wolf seems to be a popular costume this year.那恐慌呢  现在是恐慌的时候吗What about panicking? Is it a good time for that?哈里  格温  疏散所有人Harry, Gwen, evacuate everyone!走  走  大家保持镇定Go! Go! Everybody stay calm!往出口去  快走Head towards the exits! Go, go, go!他们在按照本能行动  围着感知到的威胁绕圈They're acting on instinct, circling a perceived threat.但是他们只是被感染的学生But they're just infected students.肯定有办法在不伤到他们的情况下阻止他们There's gotta be a way to stop them without hurting them.我喜欢你的思维方式I like your thinking.确立事实  我们对他们了解多少Establish facts. What do we know about them?嗯  泰德上个科学作业拿了A  朱莉创办了Well, Ted there got an "A" on his last science project, and Julie started...我是说  他们现在是狼I meant, now that they're wolves.学名  灰狼Scientific name: Canus lupis.哦对  他们是成群猎食的动物Oh. Right! Well, they're pack hunters嗅觉很灵敏  还有with a strong sense of smell and a strong sense of...听觉  就是这个Hearing. That's it!怎么了  你们不喜欢这个音乐吗What's wrong? This not your jam?蜘蛛侠  所有人都疏散了Spider-Man, everyone's clear.所有人应该包括你们俩"Everyone" should have included you two.封锁学校Put the school on lockdown!我们可不想让这些东西跑出去感染了别人We don't want these things getting out and infecting anyone else!我一直想看这一幕I've always wanted to see that.这就是为什么狼人很少是打碟师That's why wolfmen are rarely deejays.狼人拆了音响A werewolf ripping speakers apart.这真是我见过的最重金属的事情了That's the most heavy metal thing I've ever seen!你应该建个乐队的  你的和声歌手够多了You should start a band. You have enough backup singers.你不打架光逗乐是故意让我生气吗Are you trying to make me angry by joking instead of fighting?幽默是我的处世之道Humor is how I deal with things.那肯定很棒  因为愤怒是我的处世之道Must be nice, 'cause anger is how I deal with things.等等  你不还是伽马不足吗Wait. Aren't you still gamma-weak?- 只有通过一个办法弄清楚了  - 班纳博士- Only one way to find out! - Dr. Banner!如果我给你们找点肉多的东西  你们能不能不要吃我Uh, can you all not chow down on me if I find you something meatier?街对过有一家肋排店There's a rib joint across the street.这次不行了  废物Not this time, loser.时机真好  大绿Perfect timing, big green.是时候让你自食其果了Time to take some of your own medicine!等等  他们只是孩子Wait! They're just kids!你想让我怎样  挠它们脖子吗What do you want me to do, pet 'em?我们得压制住他们We need to contain them.我们楼下有一个存储仓库There's a storage vault on the floor below us.我们怎么把它们引下去  扔一堆骨头吗How do we lure them down there? Throw a bunch of dog bones?我现在可没有了'Cause I'm all out at the moment.下面一层  没问题One floor down? No problem.你不会要做我想的那件事吧  嗯你就是You're not gonna do what I think you are? Oh, yes, you are.乘坐浩克特快到底层Taking the Hulk Express to the bottom floor!这整个学校就是个实验室This whole school is a laboratory.你可能毁掉一些精密仪器的You could've destroyed sensitive equipment.这些事情班纳会考虑到的That's something Banner would've realized.班纳太菜了  你还是跟着浩克比较好Banner's lame. You're better off with Hulk.指望这些伽马狼人会So much for hoping掉下来摔晕是不太可能的了the fall knocked out the gamma werewolves.也许我们能  把他们赶进仓库Maybe we could, like, herd them into the vault.这太费时间了That'll take forever.我猜你是那种  直截了当  的人I'm getting that you're a "direct approach" kind of guy.这能拖住他们  一会儿That'll hold 'em... for a little while.最初的人狼还在这栋楼的某个地方The original Man-Wolf is still somewhere in the building.我们得找到他  这下面多余的设备够多了We need to find him. There's enough spare gear down here.我觉得我能造出来一些伽马探测器  帮我找元件I think I could rig up some gamma detectors. Help me find components.我们需要答案We need answers.比方说  这个人狼是谁Like, who is this Man-Wolf?我很确定这是我的实验室搭档  约翰·詹姆森I'm pretty sure it's my lab partner, John Jameson.他脖子上的那个东西是一个月球水晶That thing around his neck is a lunar crystal.我们正在开发它来吸收伽玛辐射We were developing it to absorb gamma radiation.真是好主意Great idea.它用辐射来刺激一些基因特征It uses the radiation to stimulate certain genetic traits,比方说人类中的狼的特性like wolf characteristics in humans.更好的视力  速度  力量  用作医学用途Better vision, speed, strength. For medical purposes.好消息是  实验成功了The good news is, the experiment worked.感觉他跟你到这里来了It seems like he tracked you here.也许他觉得你是唯一能救他的人Maybe he thinks you're the only person who can help him.好像他在内部和他的动物天性战斗Like he's fighting his animal nature from the inside.我要在外部和他的动物天性战斗I'll fight his animal nature from the outside.按照我的计算  如果我们把水晶装到一个By my calculations, if we encase the crystal正离子压制装置中in a positively ionized containment device,- 它就会停止起作用  - 啥- it will cease to exert influence. - Huh?她说如果我们能把石头从狼身上拿走She's saying if we get the rock away from the wolf,一切就会恢复正常everything goes back to normal.那个化学废料单元就能管用That chemical waste unit should do the trick.然后这些伽马探测器  做好了And these gamma detectors are... done.那我们分头行动搜寻人狼Then let's split up and search for the Man-Wolf.我要和这个大家伙一起走  省得他再Well, I'm going with the big guy here to make sure毁掉什么珍贵的仪器he doesn't destroy any more valuable equipment.你就不能像一个正常人一样走路吗Can't you just walk like a normal person?我是蜘蛛侠  这是我的风格I'm Spider-Man. It's what I do.好吧Fine.你说  如果你不总那么生我的气You know, if you weren't so angry at me all the time,我觉得我们其实可以做朋友的I think we could actually be friends.我已经有朋友了  谢了I already have friends, thanks.我才不惊讶  你明显有一个I'm not surprised. You obviously have- 成功的个性  - 听着  我有一点不爽- a winning personality. - Look, I'm a little annoyed,因为我来这个破派对的原因就是为了和我的好朋友玩because the whole reason I came to this stupid party was to hang out with my best friend,结果他来不了  然后这堆破事发生了but he couldn't make it, and then all this happened.我肯定他有什么坚实的理由I'm sure he has a solid excuse.他总是有He always does.只是因为万圣节总是我们的节日It's just that Halloween's always been our holiday.我们换装  只有这一天我不用做  哈里·奥斯本We dress up. It's the only day I don't have to be... Harry Osborn.行了  当诺曼·奥斯本的儿子感觉不是什么坏事Hey, being the son of Norman Osborn doesn't seem so bad.这就是问题所在That's exactly the problem.每个人都把我当成诺曼·奥斯本的儿子Everybody sees me as Norman Osborn's son.但只有彼得把我看做  我自己But Peter is the only one who sees me as... me.我之前不知道I had no idea.你怎么会知道呢Why would you?有发现了We got a hit!怎么花了这么久时间What's taking so long? Ugh!你的自然伽马辐射干扰了追踪器Your natural gamma radiation is interfering with the tracker.我得过滤掉它  你的波长是多少I have to filter it out. What wavelength are you at?- 你在说什么  - 来啊- Say what?  - Come on!你曾经还上过诺贝尔奖的候选名单呢You were on the Nobel Prize shortlist.那是另一个我That was the other guy.可你们两个有一样的大脑构造You two literally share a brain.信息会在这儿哪吧  就想想吧The information's gotta be in there somewhere. Just think.库门撑不了多久了Vault won't hold forever!什么Huh?等等  等等  大家伙Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Hold up, big guy!是我们  我们追踪到了一个伽马读数It's us! We tracked a gamma reading.我猜是你的But I guess it's just you.不  等等  不是他No! Wait! It's not him.读数是来自The reading is coming from...小蜘蛛  接住Spidey, heads up!介意借我一下吗Mind if I borrow this?成功搞定了Done and done.你  是你救了我You... You saved me.谁又会来救我们Who's gonna save us?你该不会对着自己的朋友化狼吧  是吧You wouldn't wolf out on a fellow here, now, would ya?让一切回归正常还有太多事要做啊So much for everything going back to normal.新策略New strategy:快逃Run!人狼的抓伤力一定不是唯一会让其变身的东西The scratches from the Man-Wolf must not be the only thing that transformed them.或许这是月球水晶的划痕和伽马射线的组合Maybe it's a combo of the scratches and gamma rays from the lunar crystal.是的  变身需要伽马源来维持Yes! The changes need a gamma source to sustain them.你拿了水晶  但绿巨人不一样You contained the crystal, but Hulk is different.他的身体自己产生了伽马射线His body generates its own gamma rays.所以绿巨人的身体就是他自己的月球晶体So the Hulk's body is acting as its own lunar crystal,所以不仅绿巨人  还有其他狼人也受影响了吗fueling not only the Hulk but the other werewolves as well?那就是他们还没有变回去的原因That's why they haven't change back!情况越来越好啦This keeps getting better.绿巨人  加油  控制住自己啊Hulk! Banner! Try to take control!教你一个新招儿Hey, taught you a new trick.这都是我的错This is all my fault.好狗狗Nice doggy!很好  想其他方法阻止他们All right. Let's find some other way to stop them.那好  所以要怎样Yeah? Any idea how?你是个科学家  这儿可是个实验室You're scientists. This is a lab.你还想要什么What more could you want?他是对的  找找看He's right. Search around.伙计们Hi, guys.让我猜猜  你来这儿就为了吃一口的Let me guess. You're just here for a quick bite.我真该把这些笑话记下来I should be writing these jokes down.吃我一记水弹吧  炸毛球儿Eat water cannon, fuzz ball!尽管技术上来说  该是  喝我一记水弹Although technically, it should be "drink water cannon."但我毕竟是个新手I'm new at this.空气冲击波  我都不敢相信那会起效Air concussion! Ha! I can't believe that worked.你们想来点儿宇航员燃烧器的强效冲击感吗How about some amped-up pilot burner?你们做到了You guys did it!科学道理啊  伙计们  挡住他们Science rules! Take it away, team!我们刚刚把绿巨人撞回去了We just knocked back the Hulk!格温  把水晶给我Gwen, crystal me!很好  来看看是否能让我们的伽马射线运转All right. Let's see if we can get our gamma train on.起效了It's working!其他人怎么办What about the others?也应该会对他们起效Should've worked on them.继续啊Keep going!我想你讨厌弱小的班纳I thought you hated puny Banner.但有时你的确需要变弱Sometimes you need puny.绿巨人是对的Hulk's right.只要他发出伽马射线As long as he's giving off gamma rays,这些孩子们就不会完全变回去the kids won't turn back completely.我们需要他变弱We need him puny!很高兴再次见到你  博士  他们也来打招呼了Good to see you again, Doctor. The other guy says hello.完美  一旦划痕修复Perfect. Once the scratches heal,他们就不会再轻易地被伽马射线所影响了they'll no longer be susceptible to gamma transformations.你做到了  蜘蛛侠You did it, Spider-Man.好的  现在来给你们俩弄件衣服吧Great. Now let's get you both shirts.很难去解释  但他们曾经是狼人  还It's hard to explain, but they were werewolves, and...我们是纽约的急救员We're EMT's in New York.习惯了万圣节的怪异电话了We're used to weird calls on Halloween.所以  我们该怎么处理这水晶So, what do we do with the crystal?这都是我的错  我能处理好的This was my fault, and I can fix it.我实验室有合适的材料来去除水晶的力量  永远摧毁它I have the proper materials at my lab to depower this gem and destroy it forever.我们凭什么相信你不会再搞砸呢And we should just trust that you won't mess this up again, why?不  是真的  他制定了一整套协议No, it's true. He made a whole protocol以防事情出差错时能毁掉水晶for disposing of it in case things went wrong.现在他拿着水晶很安全It's safe with him now.我记不清楚作为绿巨人的那段时间了I never remember my time as Hulk very clearly,但我能想象如果不是你的话but I imagine if it weren't for you,今晚就会很糟糕tonight would've gone very badly.谢谢你Thank you.我也想谢谢你  我还是个新手I wanna thank you too. I'm still new at this,作为一个公民以及一个超级英雄and splitting my time between my identity as a civilian把这两者的时间分配好并不容易and my identity as a superhero isn't easy.在某个人  好吧  某两个人身上Spending time around someone... Well, two someones...有同样的问题也让我不觉得那么孤单了With the same problem has helped me feel less alone.或许也是时候拍个自拍了Maybe it's time for that selfie.奥斯本先生  先生Mr. Osborn? Sir?月球水晶的测试效果比预期的要好The lunar crystals field test worked better than could've been imagined.我看得出So I can see.但我指示过你不要我把我儿子牵扯进来But I instructed you not to get my son involved.那就是我让你单独测试的全部目的That was the whole point of having you test it alone.我知道  先生I know, sir.但作为一个人狼  矛盾是我的本能But as the Man-Wolf, I had conflicting instincts.这的确是个问题It was problematic.所以  还有心理控制方面的问题So, there are issues of mental control.但只要我们克服了这一难题But once we overcome them,水晶的力量将会近乎不可估量the power of the crystal will be nearly limitless.没错  我变成了一个真正的狼人It's true! I turned into a real werewolf!- 还聊关于狼来了的故事呢  - 是真的- Talk about crying wolf. - For serious!我被锁在了一个地下室里面  绿巨人也在那儿  还I was locked in a vault, and the Hulk was there, and...是啊  你就是个不折不扣的骗子Eh, sure! You are such a liar!拜托  他是认真的吗Come on! Is he for real?听起来糟透了  真的Sounds terrifying. Actually,现在结束了  真的是太爽了now that it's over, it was kind of awesome!我是说  绿巨狼人  天呐I mean... pfft... Hulk-Wolf! Come on!谢谢你警告我别靠近Thanks for warning me to stay away.尽管我很抱歉我们没在万圣节派对上玩Although I'm sorry we didn't get to hang at the Halloween party.没事  彼得  我们的友谊可胜过万圣节That's okay, Pete. Our friendship trumps Halloween any day.- 为什么那样说  - 朋友间无需戴面具Why's that? No reason to ever wear a mask.not a good time for jokes现在不是开玩笑的时候蜘蛛侠第一季  第十一集翻译  MonicaSmiles翻译  马萨诸塞de召唤翻译  子皿校对  MonicaSmiles擦枪字幕组XGunSubTeam原创译制bbs.ncar.cc荣誉出品合作洽谈     Q:864413459■■■人人视频APP在线观看美剧离线高清缓存更有海量高清电影扫码即刻下载特别推荐■各大应用市场均可下载■Xgun擦枪小组 有偿招募译制成员 诚邀阁下加入Q群：545053435请注明职务：翻译、听译、aegisub特效（熟练手）对字幕有任何意见和建议的同学请加Q群：544487177