蛛网发射器Web shooters.相当于蜘蛛的能力Proportionate strength of a spider.我仍然需要和其他人一样的时间才能把这地方归置整齐And it still takes me just as long to organize this place as anyone else.谁知到科学这么混乱Who knew science was so messy?他投球了He shoots, he...他用个脏抹布打中了老师hits his teacher with a dirty rag.- 对不起  麦克斯  - 这都不叫事  彼得- Sorry, Max. - It's quite all right, Peter.看到你在科学实验和体育精神中找到了平衡还是很开心的I'm just happy to see you balancing out your science work with a little athleticism.有时间我就练习  说到这了I make room when I can. Speaking of which,既然托尼·史塔克已经把V-252带回复仇者联盟大本营since Tony Stark took the V-252 back to the Avengers Compound,你想让我把这个容器放进仓库吗do you want me to put its container in storage?- 不了  没必要  - 不用费事了- No, that's okay. It's really no bother.这样  我们就有空间来In fact, we'll have more room for...我有说不要了  彼得I said no, Peter. I, uh...我喜欢它在那  会提醒我差点会发生什么I like it there. Sort of reminds me of what could've been.噢  我懂了  抱歉  麦克斯Oh. I get it. Sorry, Max.没事的  你为什么不回家呢No worries. In fact, why don't you head home?你可以明早来的早点再收拾You can come in early and finish up in the morning.我不能  我向闪电·汤普森保证过I can't. I promised Flash Thompson- 我要在明早上学前辅导他  - 汤普森吗- I'd tutor him before school tomorrow. Flash Thompson?那位在斯塔克博览会上得奖的中城小子吗The Midtown lad who won the Stark Expo?别介意我这么说  他只是走运Don't remind me. Flash got lucky.我要在教他东西之前把手头的工作都结束And I'll have my work cut out for me if I'm going to teach him anything about science.有些人会给你惊喜  彼得  你就是个很好的例子People can surprise you, Peter. You're a perfect example.我从没想过你会去辅导一个男孩儿I never would've thought you'd agree to tutor the boy还是在中城让你很难过的人who caused you so much grief at Midtown.好吧  他做了一些我意料之外的事情  跑来向我求助Well, he did something I didn't expect. He asked for my help.对吧  他这样是好的开始See? He's off to a good start.他还是个不错的橄榄球小子And he's quite the football star.很期待这个周末去看他的比赛I'm looking forward to seeing him play this weekend.不如今晚就先这样吧Tell you what. Let's call it a night anyway.我自己可以完成这些事的I can straighten these things up on my own.说真的吗  谢谢你  麦克斯You sure? Thanks, Max.噢  太棒了Oh, yeah! Getting out比预期早走了  而且也没发现犯罪分子earlier than expected, and not a mugger in sight.我也许真的能好好睡一觉I might actually get a good night's sleep for a change.哇哦哦哦哦Whoo-hoo-hoo... Ah!蜘蛛感官  还在线吗Uh, hello, spider-sense?下次你要休假之前跟我说一声好吗Let me know the next time you're gonna take a vacation.我可不愿意毫无预警被I don't like being caught off guard by...那是黑色制服吗Is that the black suit?那是我的黑色制服吗Is that my black suit?我一直都觉得黑色是显瘦的And all this time, I thought black was slimming.穿这身制服和我打斗是这样的啊So this is what it was like to fight me in this costume.好吧  一个比我更大更坏的版本Well, a larger, more monstrous version of me显然将V-252用在了更邪恶的地方who's clearly taken the V-252 to a much darker place.因为从那潮湿  扭曲的咧嘴笑看来'Cause from that wet, gnarly grin,我觉得V  是指毒液I'd say the "V" stood for "Venom"!我的蜘蛛直觉仍然不起作用Whoa! My spider-sense still isn't working!它感受不到共生体吗Can it not sense the Symbiote?不管了  看起来我要依靠另一个天赋了Either way, looks like I need to rely on my other gifts.我可不是说打保龄球I don't mean bowling!不过Although...我还是要反击的I'm still going for the strike!V-252安全的在复仇者联盟大楼放着I know the V-252's securely at Avengers Tower.所以你是另外一个吗So are you another one?似乎它可能是没被抓到  除非'Cause it seems unlikely it could've escaped, unless...它在托尼封存之前就有依附他身上Unless it bonded with Tony before he could contain it.史塔克先生  是你吗Mr. Stark, is that you?如果是你得话  你应该知道你真的撑大了我的制服If it is, you should know you're really stretching out my suit.除非你只是先看看谁穿更好看Unless you're just looking to see who wore it best!不论如何In which case,穿着那玩意我可是吸引了不少回头率let's just say I turned a lot of heads wearing that thing.不是让托尼伤害别人那种回头Not like Tony to put people in harm's way.但我必须记住那套制服But I have to remember the suit也逼着我做了很多我不想做的事情made me do a lot of things I didn't want to either.例如扔起一辆公交车Like throwing a bus!当然不想扔公交车Definitely wouldn't throw a bus!好了嘛  你也不喜欢这样  对吗That's right. You don't like that, do you?我们来听听看汽车警报声能有多刺耳Let's see what a cacophony of car alarms sounds like.我只是显摆一下我会用刺耳这个词I was just showing off that I knew what "cacophony" meant.他走了And now he's gone.我想知道托尼·斯塔克有没有被附体的唯一方法就是Guess there's only one way of knowing if the Symbiote has taken over Tony Stark,让小蜘蛛直接去问问他and that's for Spidey to ask him directly.托尼  是你的老朋友  小蜘蛛Tony! It's your old pal, Spidey.太友好了  斯塔克先生  我是蜘蛛侠Too friendly. Mr. Stark, Spider-Man.还记得你拿走的V-252吗Remember that V-252 you took?它有没有  偶然的  占据了你的大脑呢  有吗It didn't, by chance, take over your mind, did it?太直接了Too direct.斯塔克先生  我是蜘蛛侠Mr. Stark, it's Spider-Man,根据你的答案  也许你需要一些帮助and depending on how you answer this question, you may need my help.噢  这个好  这个真的好Oh-ho-ho, that's good! That's good.打给托尼·斯塔克Call Tony Stark.请留言Leave a message.嗨  下面是蜘蛛侠给斯塔克先生的留言Uh, hi. This is Spider-Man with a message for Tony Stark.斯塔克先生  根据你的回答  我也许会需要你的帮助Mr. Stark, depending on how you answer this question, I may need your help.你也许会需要你的帮助  我的帮助You may need your help! My help!记得给我回电话Call me back, please.说的真溜  帕克Real smooth, Parker.磷酸二氢铵And monoammonium phosphate是可以用来分的化合物is a compound that can separate the...- 闪电  - 啊  什么  说什么- Flash! - Huh? What? What? What?还记得是你叫我来这的吗You're the one who asked me here, remember?现在你还想不想学化学混合物的奇妙世界了  还是不想了Now, do you wanna learn about the exciting world of chemical compounds, or not?说实话  帕克  我一点都不在意To be honest, Parker, I could care less.我的成绩下滑了  萨勒诺先生说But my grades are down, and Mr. Salerno says如果不能通过明天的科学测试if I don't pass tomorrow's science exam,这周末就不能打比赛I can't play in the big game this weekend.所以呢  我不是头号体育粉丝  但比赛不有的是吗So? I'm not the biggest sports fan, but won't there be other games?你在开玩笑嘛Are you kidding me?这是对我们最大竞争者的比赛  杜鲁门高中This game is against our biggest rival, Truman High.也许在教室里我算不上什么And I may not be much in the classroom,但在橄榄球场上我就是王者but I am the king of the football field!像你这样的书呆子是不懂的A nerd like you couldn't understand这种成为英雄的压力the pressures of being a hero.- 英雄吗  是哦  对的呢  - 看看这是谁- A hero? Yeah, right. - Well, well, well!这不是闪电·在热锅上·汤普森吗If it isn't Flash-In-The-Pan Thompson!凯文·怀亚特Kevin Wyatt.我真是忘了杜鲁门高中的四分卫也住这边了I forgot Truman High's quarter-hack has family in this neighborhood.你想做什么  我想这周末看你吃瘪哦What do you want? I wanna see you eat turf this weekend.但有传言说你这周不能上场But rumor has it you won't be able to play就因为你的成绩不太好'cause your grades are no good.你要再这样  就会因为腿坏了Keep it up, and you won't be able to play没法上场了'cause your legs are no good!闪电  打起架来也不能解决任何事情Flash, getting in a fight isn't going to solve anything.汤普森  你最好听你的小书呆子的话Better listen to your nerd buddy, Thompson.做得好  闪电Nicely played, Flash.如果你真想赢了他  就过了这考试If you really wanna stick it to him, ace this test.在场上和他一决胜负Then you can settle your argument on the field.小家教  你真的觉得我能过吗You really think I can pass, tiny tutor?变形虫是单细胞结构的生物吗Is an amoeba a single-celled organism?什么  我不知道Huh? I don't know!还是没有托尼的消息  这可不太妙Still no word from Tony. That's not good.如果共生体要寻找和本体差不多的寄主的话'Cause if the Symbiote was looking for a host like its original,托尼和我都很聪明  还都是超级英雄Tony and I are both smart, we're both superheroes,我们俩都和V252有密切联系and we were both in close contact with the V-252.彼得  啊哈Peter. Aah!不是故意要吓唬你的Didn't mean to startle you.我只是看到你的门  你的门开着I just saw your...  your door open.没事的That's all right.你还好吗  麦克斯  看起来很累呢You okay, Max? You look tired.噢  我大多数晚上都工作到挺晚的Oh, I've been working late most nights.可能是在身体上显出来了It's probably just catching up with me.- 你忙什么呢  - 我设计出一种方法追踪V-252What are you busy with? Well, I'm devising a way to track the V-252.为什么  我们知道它在哪Why? We know exactly where it is.托尼把它带到了复仇者联盟大本营了  记得吗Tony took it to Avengers Compound, remember?但是蜘蛛侠告诉我他以为昨晚看到了它Yeah, but Spider-Man told me he thought he saw it last night,我开始怀疑and I started to wonder.万一共生体与史塔克先生联系在一起呢What if the Symbiote bonded with Mr. Stark?那可真是大灾难Hmm. That could be catastrophic.幸运的是  我很确定Fortunately, I know for a fact托尼和复仇者联盟在其他星球执行任务that Tony is off-planet with the Avengers on a secret mission.真的吗Really?真让人松口气  应该That's a relief. I think.什么意思What do you mean?那说明那个人不是托尼  但它还在作祟Well, that means it's not Tony. But it's still out there.蜘蛛侠说他的蜘蛛感官对它不起作用And Spider-Man says his spider-sense is useless against it.所以我在想办法追踪它Which is why I'm working on a way to track it.你不是说释放出共生体后Didn't you say once that the Symbiote gave off便会有独特的量子以35千兆赫振动a unique quantum oscillation of 35 gigahertz?其实是38千兆赫It was actually 38 gigahertz.但我真的不想让你牵扯进来  彼得But I really don't want you getting involved in this, Peter.向我保证你会把危险的工作留给超级英雄做Promise me you'll leave the dangerous stuff to the superheroes.我向你保证You have my word.严格来讲  我也没有对麦克斯撒谎Technically, I wasn't lying to Max,因为我就是超级英雄since I am a superhero,但我还是没有好的预感but I still don't feel good about it.幸运的是  他给我的数据派上用场了Fortunately, the data he gave me comes in handy.这里There!我没造GPS  反而造了VPSInstead of a GPS, I've made myself a VPS:毒液定位系统Venom Positioning System.- 开始吧  - 你先开始Let's get started. After you.检测到毒液共生体  在百老汇街右转Venom Symbiote detected. Turn right on Broadway.太棒了  科学再次占了上风Yes! Once again, science gets the upper hand!有了我手套上配的超音波爆破枪And with the sonic blaster attached to my glove,我的手会像拳头一样有威力that hand is gonna feel like a fist.在47大道上向左摇摆Swing left at 47th Street.好了  毒液Okay, Venom.看如果有人从背后偷袭你  看你作何感受Let's see how you feel when someone sneaks up on you undetected.到达目的地Arriving at your destination. Huh?我去Oh, come on!你毁了我的惊喜You ruined my surpri...大家快找安全地方躲着Everybody, get to safety!跑的时候记住堵上耳朵And while you're at it, cover your ears!他在利用井盖中的铅中和超音波爆破枪He's neutralizing the sonic blasts with the lead in those manhole covers!我的超音波爆破枪My sonic blaster!毒液在靠近Venom approaching.说点我不知道的好吗Tell me something I don't know!给麦克斯的传真机打电话Phone, call Max's fax machine!拨打中Dialing.谢天谢地旧技术还能用Thank goodness for dated technology.他去哪了Where'd he go?消失了  毒液定位系统在战斗中损坏了Gone. And it looks like the VPS was damaged in the fight.根据井盖的那一招看来Based on that move with the manhole covers,毒液有点智慧是真的I wasn't wrong about Venom being somewhat smart.但既然托尼·史塔克没有嫌疑But with Tony Stark off the suspect list,还能有谁有嫌疑who's another person that fits the bill?地平线高中的每个人都又几乎接触到V-252Everyone at Horizon High has had access to the V-252.格温  按压Gwen, Anya...迈尔斯的能力和我相似Miles has powers similar to mine.他的体型和毒液不太匹配He doesn't quite match Venom's size.也许麦克斯能给我研究过这东西的人名单Maybe Max can give me a list of all the people who worked on it.等一下  麦克斯呢Wait a minute. What about Max?他和它接触最多He's had the most exposure to it.他显然也足够聪明He's certainly smart enough.更别提他体型挺大的Not to mention he's a pretty big guy.我需要多调查一下This needs some looking into.我没办法在麦克斯的实验室打探I won't be able to snoop around Max's lab直到他离开until he leaves for the day.所以现在应该去中城高中查看下闪电了  呆子预警So it's a good time to check in on Flash at Midtown... Nerd alert!小帕克来了Puny Parker in the house!抱歉  小家教Sorry, tiny tutor.- 我得保持自己的形象  - 怎么回事Gotta keep up appearances, you know? What's going on here?闪电  我告诉你一百次不要Flash, I've told you a hundred times not to...彼得·帕克  是你吗Peter Parker? Is that you?是我  萨勒诺先生  最近好吗It is, Mr. Salerno. How have you been?没那么好  彼得Well, I've been better, Peter.能看出来Ouch! I can see that.我的意思是  我的好学生What I mean is, I'm having a hard time都跑到地平线高中了  比如你  我很难过losing good students like yourself to Horizon High.实际上  我一直在请愿不要让麦克斯·莫德尔在这里招生In fact, I've been petitioning to stop Max Modell from recruiting here.他很了解He's well aware of it, sir.我知道他不会开心And, while I know it upsets him,我也理解你的出发点I understand your point too.我的意思是  你的胳膊怎么了But what I meant was, what happened to your arm?这个啊Oh, that.因为一场巴士交通事故  爱信不信Well, I was in a bus accident, believe it or not.奇怪的生物袭击了我们A strange creature attacked us.真的吗Really?你怎么来中城高中了But what brings you to Midtown?希望不是来被闪电欺负的Not a need to be picked on by Flash, I hope.不  我来帮闪电准备你的大考No. I was tutoring Flash for your big exam.我应该猜到的I should've guessed,因为闪电成功通过了because Flash passed with flying colors.真的吗I... I did?真的吗He... He did?太好了Yes!现在你可以看到我今晚称霸杜鲁门高中了Now you can see me kick Truman High's butt tonight! Yeah!我  我其实没打算去看比赛Oh, I... I wasn't actually planning on going to the game.我不知道自己能不能I mean, I don't know if I can...你必须去  小家教Oh, you are so there, tiny tutor!我不想相信麦克斯能是毒液I don't wanna believe Max could actually be Venom.但萨勒诺先生受的伤是重大线索But that attack on Mr. Salerno's a pretty big clue.仔细想想  麦克斯过于担心Come to think of it, Max was overly concerned把V-252毒罐放在自己办公室about keeping the V-252 canister in his office.幸运的是  他今天不在Luckily, he's gone for the day,我可以看看用了多少and I can check out its usage...麦克斯M-Max!我以为你要去看比赛I-I thought you were going to the big game.我想去来着  但我突然想到I was hoping to, but it dawned on me萨尔·萨勒诺请愿不要让我去中城招生that with Sal Salerno petitioning to keep me from recruiting at Midtown,我最好不要出现it might not be the best idea.明白了Oh. I see.但你如果要去的话最好抓紧了Oh! But you better run if you're gonna make it on time.你说得可能对Yeah.  I guess you're right.查看罐子是否被用过可真不容易So much for seeing if the canister's been in use.尽管我也许可以检查它的活动Although I guess I could check its activity只要用平板电脑登录地平线主机by logging in to Horizon's mainframe with my tablet.何不试试  看比赛的时候Yeah. Why not? I'm sure people multitask同时做别的也很正常  对吧at sports events all the time, right?不好意思Excuse me.这里的无线网密码还是拉拉西斯爆炸吗Do you know if the Wi-Fi password is still "Ra-ra-sis-boom"...小家教  你来了  你怎么没戴泡沫手指(比赛助威用)Tiny tutor! Hey, you made it. Where's your foam finger?我落在家里了I, uh, must've left it at home.让大家欢呼起来吧  玛丽·简Get this crowd cheering, Mary Jane.玛丽·简  那是玛丽·简·沃森吗Mary Jane? That's Mary Jane Watson?是啊  她今年是学校吉祥物Yeah. She's the school mascot this year.真不错  加油  老虎Wow. Good for her. Go get 'em, tiger!加油  老虎Go, Tigers!加油  老虎Go, Tigers!我开始理解Whoo. I'm beginning to understand为什么你这么有压力了  闪电why you felt so much pressure, Flash.- 你紧张吗  - 我充满动力- Are you nervous?  - I'm pumped!- 我要摧毁对面的  - 对吧  这就是让杜鲁门四分卫出洋相的办法Gonna crush those guys! See? This is the way you show up that Truman quarterback.重点是你如何打比赛获胜  不是打架获胜It's about how you play, not how you fight.是吗  他今晚不上场Yeah? He's not playing tonight.那傻瓜自称在小餐馆被怪物袭击受伤了Doofus claimed he got injured when a monster attacked him in that caf.你敢信吗  我懂他害怕我  但用怪物当借口Can you believe it? I mean, I get that he's scared of me, but a monster?别扯淡了  我得走了  比赛后见Please! I gotta go. See ya after the game?好  祝你好运Sure. And good luck!如果麦克斯是毒液  那为什么他会去袭击怀亚特这样的青少年If Max is Venom, then why would he go after a teenager like Wyatt?除非怀亚特给萨勒诺的请愿书签字了Unless Wyatt is one of the people who signed Salerno's petition.不  凯文·怀亚特不在名单上Nope. Kevin Wyatt isn't listed.好好想  彼得  为什么毒液要去找四分卫麻烦Think, Pete. Why would Venom go after a quarterback?- 你要完蛋了  - 等一下You're going down! Wait a minute.再这样下去  你就会因为腿断了Keep it up, and you won't be able to play而没法上场'cause your legs are no good!萨勒诺先生说如果明天的科学考试考不过Mr. Salerno says if I don't pass tomorrow's science exam,这周末的重要比赛我就没法上场了I can't play in the big game this weekend.会不会是闪电Could it be... Flash?但闪电唯一听过共生体的地方  是在史塔克展览会But the only time Flash was ever near the Symbiote was at... the Stark Expo!得找到展览会的视频录像Gotta find footage of the expo.我知道他帮我摆脱了它  但是有没有可能I know he helped get it off me, but could it have...闪电在这  那是There's Flash, and there's the...糟糕Oh, no!闪电·汤普森Flash Thompson...是毒液Is Venom.所以一直都是闪电吗So it was Flash the whole time?不敢相信我没早点发现I can't believe I didn't figure this out sooner.我一直被毒液是聪明人的I was so distracted by the idea线索误导了that Venom had to be someone smart我完全小瞧了闪电that I completely underestimated Flash.大家快冷静Everyone, stay calm!闪电  我知道你还在里面  后退Flash, I know you're in there. Stand down!我怎么了What's happening to me?闪电  这是展览会的那个生物Flash, it's the creature from the expo. Aah!你将它从我身上拿下时它就和你合体了  你必须抵抗它It bonded with you when you pulled it off me. You have to fight it!我I'm...在努力Trying!等下  等下  等下  等下  等下Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!旗帜在飘扬Flag on the play!没必要这么粗暴Unnecessary roughness.但我有更好的玩法But I've got a better play.怎么了What's going on?似乎一罐不够用Looks like one can won't do the trick.我需要更大音量I need more volume.让我们听听团队精神Let's hear some team spirit!全力爆炸Hit him full blast!闪电  你还好吗  我进球了吗Flash, you all right? Did I score?不如说我觉得你应该能成为MVPLet's just say I think you're gonna be the MVP:最有毒的选手Most Venomish Player.尽管竞争很激烈Although the competition is fierce.似乎所有的喇叭都用在你身上了Looks like all the air horns got used up on you.快跑Run!我们需要计划We need a plan.我的家教能帮我们  他超级聪明My tutor can help us. He's super smart.帕克  你在哪Yo! Parker! Where are you?如果他足够聪明  毒液队出现的时候他脱离了If he is smart, he got out of here when Team Venom showed up.我还是需要想办法将共生体和这些人分离开I still need a way to separate the Symbiote from these guys.- 我可以像在展览会那样将它从他们身上撤掉  - 太多了I can rip it off them like I did for you at the expo. There's too many of them.再说我也不想让你再碰到它了Plus we don't want you touching it again.我们需要某样能逼共生体自己从选手身上分离的东西We need something that will force the Symbiote to separate from the players on its own.比如滑雪催化剂Like a chemical catalyst.那磷酸一铵怎么样Oh! What about, uh, uh, monoammonium phosphate?那是灭火器中It's the stuff in fire extinguishers将氧气和燃料分离的成分that separates the oxygen from the fuel.这是我的考点之一It was one of the answers on my test.汤普森  你真是天才Thompson, you're a genius!不幸的是  我只有网子  没有灭火器But sadly, all I have are webs, not fire extinguishers.没帮上什么忙Yeah. Not a big help.但学校有很多的But the school has plenty of 'em.那就这样  我来分散注意力  让选手们忙起来Then here's the play. I'll fake a distraction and occupy the players.你从中间进学校You head up the middle and into the school,- 尽可能带更多灭火器  - 交给我bringing back as many extinguishers as you can. On it!哼哼哈嘿Grass hut! Thatched hut! Tiki hut! Hike!中城的胜利带来了满足感A Midtown win brings satisfaction,即使我是在分散注意力even if it's a distraction!看起来像是蜘蛛闪电战Uh-oh. Looks like a Spider blitz.着陆Touchdown!为什么防御这么强Why so defensive?懂了吗  防御-提防Get it? "Defensive"?因为你们都是防守的'Cause you're all defensive line... backers.别担心  我只知道几个橄榄球名词Don't worry. I only know a few football terms.差不多用完了They're almost done.没错  宝贝Yeah, baby!闪电闪到左边  然后右边Flash cuts to the left. Then to the right.他无法阻挡He's unstoppable!又回到训练营了  朋友们Huh. Guess it's back to training camp, boys.希望闪电能带回灭火器Hope Flash makes it back with those extinguishers.否则这将会成为凶残的中场秀了Or this is gonna be a brutal halftime show.- 小蜘蛛  使劲跑  - 使劲跑Spidey, go long!  "Go long"?跑啊  要是有点幸运Oh, you mean "run"! And with a little luck...拜托  小蜘蛛 别紧张Come on, Spidey. Don't choke!很多人再看  抓住  棒Lots of people watching! Catch! Yes!我知道灭火器并不是应该这么用的I know this is not the way fire extinguishers should ever be used,但这是极其紧急的情况  人命关天  所以我们没得选but this is a dire emergency and lives are at stake, so we've got no choice.第一个倒下了  我们得把其他的搞定That's a first down! Now we gotta take the rest down.闪电  给所有都喷上  选手们不会受伤  因为Flash, spray 'em all. It won't hurt the players, because...化学品只会影响共生体Because the chemicals only affect the Symbiote...把它们冻到无法碰触选手Freezing it without ever touching the players.呆子Nerd!别弄掉任何一点Don't lose any of it.麦克斯  你在这做什么Max? What are you doing here?我听说你没来因为  某种请愿书I heard you stayed away because... of some petition.我想说要是在运动场Well, I figure if you can't face your opposition无法面对阻力  还能上哪面对in a sports arena, where can you do it?但现在  我们得收回V-252被冻上的碎片But right now, we need to contain the frozen pieces of the V-252,我的设备在地平线了and my equipment is back at Horizon.我可以帮个忙  这些r勇气I think I can lend a hand. These containers也许没有地平线的高级may not be as advanced as your Horizon ones,但暂时可以放一阵but they should hold them for now.谢谢  萨尔  如果中城的设备Thank you, Sal. If Midtown's equipment和老师一样优秀  那肯定是一流的is anything like its teachers, I'm sure it's top notch.我很抱歉  自己属于考虑了And I'm sorry if I've come across as inconsiderate.也许以后  我可以招收你推荐的学生Maybe moving forward, I could recruit students based on your recommendations.我愿意  麦克斯I'd like that, Max.谢谢Thank you.我刚收到托尼·史塔克的短信Hey! I just got a text from Tony Stark.抱歉我没能早点回你"Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner.我在太空"I was in space.大开眼界"What. A. World. Huh.给我回电话  没必要了  史塔克先生Call me back." No need to, Mr. Stark.闪电和小蜘蛛在处理了Flash and Spidey were on the case.这不是小帕克嘛Well, if it isn't Puny Parker.拜托  伙计们  我只是来还萨勒诺先生仪器的Come on, guys. I'm just returning Mr. Salerno's equipment.喂  谁都别搞帕克Hey! No one messes with Parker.要不是他  我可能就没办法又一次拯救蜘蛛侠了If it wasn't for him, I couldn't have saved Spider-Man's neck... again!随你怎么说了  闪电Whatever you say, Flash.别担心他们了  小家教Don't worry about them anymore, tiny tutor.从今以后  我们是同一条船上的人了From now on, you and I are gonna be like two peas in a paramecium.我的意思I mean, um...闪电  你是我的英雄Flash, you're my hero.抱一个Noogie!蜘蛛侠第一季  第十三集翻译  陌人不故翻译  monica翻译  苏打校对  苏打擦枪字幕组XGunSubTeam原创译制bbs.ncar.cc荣誉出品合作洽谈     Q:864413459■■■人人视频APP在线观看美剧离线高清缓存更有海量高清电影扫码即刻下载特别推荐■各大应用市场均可下载■Xgun擦枪小组 有偿招募译制成员 诚邀阁下加入Q群：545053435请注明职务：翻译、听译、aegisub特效（熟练手）对字幕有任何意见和建议的同学请加Q群：544487177