"迷眼" 前情提要...Previously on "Shut Eye"...我要找的不是傻瓜 我要找的是合夥人I'm not looking for a sucker. I'm looking for a partner.我以前做過很多不靠譜的合夥I've made some dubious partnerships in my life.你有非凡的才能 哈弗福德先生You have a singular talent, Mr. Haverford.你把它浪費在這裏真的太可惜了It is a shame you are going to waste it here.要是你想 也可以反叛You can disobey if you want to.牌告訴你怎麼做了嗎Do the cards tell you how to do that?要是有就好了If only.我看見的是個女孩 我幻象中你的孩子...是個女兒I saw a girl. My vision of your baby... you had a daughter.所以 我和他之中有人錯了So one of us is wrong.你怎麼知道是男孩How do you know it's him?你沒聽見他嘴裏都噴的是什麼糞嗎Did you hear the shit that was coming out of his mouth?他可是付了錢的租戶Well, he's a paying tenant.他是個種族歧視的混蛋He's a racist pig.我他媽就應該回去把他腦袋擰下來I should go back in there and rip his fucking head off.咱們現在是合法生意了We're legit businessmen now.確定嗎Are you sure?我可是分分鐘就能把這爛事剷平的'Cause I could get rid of this sick fuck real quick.我不會去求長老會I am not going to ask the Council召開決議會考慮讓他回來to call a kris to consider his return.奶奶 你說過我們只有傳統Grandma, you said tradition is all we have.娜娜沒有父親也是傳統嗎Is it tradition that LaLa not have a father?我沒有父親也是嗎That I don't?我跟諾婭在一起Why does it bother you so much你怎麼就那麼不高興that I've been spending time with Nora?對我來說 她只是懷特醫生To me, she'll always be Dr. White,就是有些奇怪so it's just a little weird.她現在是我的精神調節師She's become my spiritual tune-up coach.是死了He's dead.你闖禍了You fucked up.你也是So did you.它們消失了They're gone.你的幻象嗎Your vision things?好幾周都沒有看到過了I haven't had one in weeks.有人嗎Hello?有人在嗎Hello?!我去 美妞Damn, girl.-選張牌  -沒門 哈弗福德- Pick a card. - No way, Haverford.我就練練手It's just for practice.找個沒見識過的人Pick on someone who, uh, doesn't know any better.要喝點什麼Can I get you something?隨便哪種 能最快喝死我就行Yeah, whatever will kill me the fastest.兩杯傑克丹尼加冰Two Jacks on the rocks.田納西威士忌 算了吧Tennessee whiskey. I'll pass.我以為你真想嗆死自己I thought you wanted to choke on it.那行吧Uh, that'll do it.別 我不能讓你給錢No, I can't take your money.你沒得選 我是查理·哈弗福德You have no choice. Charlie Haverford.查理Charlie.咱們老男人得多多關照彼此Us Bulldogs have to look out for one another,尤其在敵人[年輕人]的領地especially in enemy territory.你打哪兒來啊Well, whereabouts are you from?聽說過奈沃斯嗎 一個加油站 在去...Heard of Nevils? It's just a pit stop on the road to...去薩瓦納的路上On the way to Savannah.聽說過 我有回在那兒停車加過油Yes, sir, I believe I stopped for gas there one time.那裏沒別的事可做Not much else to do there.你...You, uh...你的口音沒了You lost your drawl.你也是So did you.小時候就被帶到這兒來了Got dragged out here as a kid.記不得多少事 除了一些故事Can't remember much, other than some stories.你來這裏幹什麼What are you doing out here?噢 我在找一個姑娘Oh, I'm looking for a girl.我們不都是嗎Aren't we all?只是我已經找到了Only I found mine.我要娶她I'm gonna marry her.我還不知道你的名字I didn't get your name.好久不見 親愛的Well, hello, sweetheart.我還不確定找對地方沒I wasn't sure I had the right place直到這個白癡開始拿你的老底騙我till this shithead tried to sell me your backstory.至少他認真聽你的話了At least we know he listens to you.這麼說 你是在這裏工作了So, this is where you work.再待幾星期For another few weeks.我和查理要搬去加州了Charlie and I are moving to California.你到底過來幹嘛What are you doing here?我過來給你生日驚喜I came to surprise you for your birthday.那是上周了It was last week.十六號啊The 16th.是十一號 一直都是It's the 11th, like it's always been.媽媽的生日才是十六號Mama's was the 16th.生日快樂Happy birthday.-你要死了嗎  -還沒- You dying? - Not yet.-你要錢嗎  -就不允許爸爸- You need money? - You know, can't a daddy時不時探望一下自己的寶貝女兒嗎just look in on his little girl every once in a while?我六年沒見你了I haven't seen you in six years.我四處討生活 你知道的I travel for the work. You know that.估計沒人比你忙More than anyone, I reckon.所以...So...你那夥計...this fella of yours...你是不是想說... 他是老鼠Let me guess... he's a rat?吃老鼠 他是蛇Eats rats. He's a snake.我一進門就被他盯上了He sized me up as soon as I walked in.應該是這雙靴子吸引了他的注意I think it's the boots that might've caught his eye.你覺得呢What do you think?很帥氣They are nice.鱷魚皮的Alligator.鱷魚吃蛇Gators eat snakes.不是嗎Don't they?只要你吩咐Just say the word.不說嗎No?那你最好把這個還給他I guess you better give that back to him, then.手癢難以自制嗎Couldn't help yourself?查理是好人Charlie's a good man.他會是個好父親的He's gonna make a great father.不是那種隨隨便便就能找到的Not that you could pick one out of a lineup.你要生小孩了You're having a baby.還早呢Still early.恭喜你Congratulations.你可以說得再誠懇點You could say it like you mean it.拜託 你懷孕了Come on. You're pregnant.馬上要結婚 還要搬到別的城市You're gonna get married. You're changing cities.這麼多事 你想要我說什麼It's a lot. What do you want me to say?好 你是對的Yeah, you're right.你現在才參與進來會很奇怪 不是嗎Be strange for you to weigh in now, wouldn't it?好吧All right.你真的很像你媽媽You are so much like your mama.關鍵是 你也很像我You know, the problem is, you're like me, too,我對此感到抱歉and I am sorry about that.我很抱歉讓你覺得I'm sorry that I taught you to think自己不該過得很好that you don't deserve better.還是恭喜你Congratulations.你媽想讓你留著這個Your mama wanted you to have that.我想你倆都值得擁有它And I reckon you both earned it.我愛你 小花生I love you, peanut.你喜歡修身剪裁嗎You liking the slim cut?因為我既不是牛仔 也不是七十年代男優Since I'm neither a cowboy or a '70s porn star,我得問 非要燈芯絨嗎I have to ask. Corduroy?燈芯絨是經典材料Corduroy's a classic material.經典從不過時Classics never go out of style.我覺得帥極了I think you look fantastic.或許我該說 帥得夠偉大Or should I say magnificent?我後悔把藝名告訴你了[查理小時候演魔術時自稱"偉大的"魔法師]I regret sharing my stage name with you.我覺得很好聽I think it's cute.我10歲時也這麼覺得I did, too, when I was 10.你那麼小就知道自己注定出人頭地You knew you were destined for greatness even back then.我覺得那是個預兆I think that's telling.-把這收進去  -我們不能用這藝名- Take this in. - We're not using the name.當然不 你是查理·哈弗福德Oh, God, no. You're Charlie Haverford.我們不會以任何其他方式來包裝你We wouldn't sell you any other way.你是擁有非凡天賦的平凡人You're an ordinary man with an extraordinary gift.是天賦才怪Gift, right.我認為我們應該宣傳下那次意外I think we should play up the accident.幻象是在嚴重創傷後產生的The visions appeared as a result of severe trauma.我屎都被打出來了I got the shit kicked out of me.或許這一點略過不計Maybe we leave that part out.也許... 也許那次事故讓你變得與靈魂更有聯繫Or maybe... or maybe it makes you more relatable.試試看華達呢Let's see the gabardine.我不想讓你的汗浸透西裝I don't want you sweating through your suit.雖然那樣會有助於暗示Although that may help suggest幻象是很費力的that the visions are more taxing.如果出了什麼事還有借口可以開脫It could offer a way out if something goes wrong,能讓你時不時休息一下give you a break from time to time.你真的需要我在這嗎Do you even need me here?你怎麼看 你的想法很重要What do you think? Your opinion matters.她應該是在和你說話I think she's talking to you.我們會從小活動開始We'll start off in a small venue,試驗下各種方式try out a couple of different approaches,找到你最喜歡的see what you're comfortable with.當然 幻象才是我們真正的成功因素Of course, the visions are the real "X" Factor.等我們開始運作起來 老天都攔不住我們If we hit the ground running, the sky is the limit.眼鏡Glasses.我覺得眼鏡很好I think glasses.它們不在了They're gone.什麼What?我的幻象My visions.它們不見了 我已經有一個月沒看到幻象了They're gone. I haven't had one in a month.以前也出現過 但從沒有過這麼久It's happened before but never this long.這下放心了Well, that's a relief.希望它們別再出現了I hope they stay gone.什麼What?怎麼了What?你在聽我說嗎Are you hearing me?我聽得清清楚楚I heard you just fine.你覺得幻象讓你變得與眾不同You think the visions make you special.我不這麼認為I don't.甚至在幾分鐘之前Hell, up until a couple of minutes ago,我都覺得整個故事是你編造的I thought you were making the whole thing up.可你居然相信帕斯能和宇宙溝通嗎But you believe Paz can communicate with the universe?我只是支持他的說法I said I support his claims.和相信有小小的區別It's a minor distinction.區別大了It's a big distinction.帕斯覺得他能和宇宙交流Paz thinks he's communing with the universe,他就是在和宇宙溝通he is communing with the universe.對我而言 你的幻象是個未知數To me, your visions are a wild card,而我害怕未知數and wild cards scare me.我喜歡瞭解我面對的是什麼I like to know what I am dealing with.我找到你不是因為你的幻象Listen, I didn't pursue you because you can see things.而是因為你的天賦I pursued you because you have talent.你能夠心理分析所有人You can cold read with the best of them.你很聰明 又能幹 而且...You are smart, you are capable, and you are...而且我還是個詐騙犯And I'm in on the con.這讓我輕鬆多了Which makes my life much easier.我們先說好Let's make a deal.如果我們之中任何一方沒有兌現承諾And if one of us doesn't hold up our end,另外一方可以立馬走人the other one can walk away from this thing at any time.繼續說I'm listening.真好笑Funny.我們的協議是這樣的The deal is this.不能欺騙對方We do not con each other.永遠Ever.怎麼樣Sound good?很好Great.走吧Let's go.我... 我經常有瘋狂又無法抵抗的衝動I just... I have this crazy, irresistible urge想買下所有東西to just buy one of everything.這正常嗎I mean, is that normal?記得看看價錢吊牌Always look at the price tags.它們應該能遏止你的衝動They tend to make things more resistible.我的老天爺啊Sweet baby Jesus.他付不起這裏任何一件東西Yeah, well, he couldn't afford anything in this place.告訴我要怎麼做 快說服我Ugh. So, tell me what to do, like, talk me out of this.告訴我 我真的需要什麼I mean, tell me what I really need.尿不濕 奶水 和能安全睡覺的地方Diapers, boobs, a safe place to sleep.先去登記好Just complete your registry,剩下的東西等產前派對後再買then buy what's left after the shower.我不懂產前派對 你開過嗎Sho... I don't know about a shower. Did you have a shower?懷上尼克的時候The girls I worked with threw me a shower一起工作的姐妹們幫我開過when I was pregnant with Nick.老闆不讓我們在裏面開My boss wouldn't let us have it inside,所以她們就把桌子拉到停車場so they dragged tables out to the parking lot.大概男人們來脫衣舞俱樂部Not exactly what guys are looking for並不想看到產前派對when they walk into a strip club.快告訴我吧 你在吊我胃口Come on. You're leaving me in suspense.B超檢查結果怎麼樣What did the ultrasound say?哦 不 我跟婦產科醫生說我不想知道Oh, no. I told my OB that I didn't want to know.可同事們 她們想給我開個...But the girls at my office, they want to throw me a, um...怎麼說來著 公佈寶寶性別的派對What is it called? A gender reveal party?-我聽說過  -嗯- I've heard about those. - Mm.我懷尼克的時候還沒有這些They didn't have that when I was pregnant with Nick.-聽起來很好玩  -真的嗎 你這麼想嗎- Sounds fun. - Really? You think so?聽起來就像千禧年這種瞎扯的事情I mean, it just sounds like millennial nonsense to me.他們想週五開They want to do it Friday night.-在哪兒  -在辦公室- Where? - At the office.不行 這主意太糟糕了No way. It's a terrible idea.等到產房再去感受醫院的味道吧Save the stale hospital smell for the delivery room.你要來我們家開趴You are gonna have it at our place.得了吧 不行 我不能這樣麻煩你Oh, come on, no. I can't let you do that.我堅持I insist.你幫了我和查理這麼多之後It's the least that we can do這是我們至少應做的after all the help you've been to Charlie and me.B超結果在哪兒Where's the ultrasound?在我家裏 一個密封的信封裏It's at my house in a sealed envelope.完美That's perfect.你帶上它來派對You bring it to the party,然後每個人... 包括你都會有驚喜and we surprise everyone... even you.額Eh.查理說是個女孩兒Well, Charlie said it was a girl.帕斯說是男孩Paz said it was a boy.也許他們都是對的Maybe they're both right.也許這只是第一個孩子Maybe this is just your first.我在那兒站了十分鐘I was standing there for like 10 minutes想計個時 免得太快洗掉trying to time it so it wouldn't wash out too soon,就等著西姆拉衝進來just waiting for Simza to burst in.-所以她信了  -是的- So she believed it. - Mm-hmm.太聰明了That's fuckin' brilliant.我不應該跟我姑媽學的 應該來找你I should've taken lessons from you instead of my aunt,因為我上次的騙局給搞砸了because the last scam that I tried blew up in my face.這不是騙局 是自我防衛This wasn't a scam. It was self-defense.小托尼怎麼辦What about Little Tony?他... 他不會發現嗎Is, um... Isn't he going to figure it out?第二天早上 他問我發生了什麼Yeah, so, the next morning, he asked me what happened.他什麼都不記得了Didn't remember a thing.所以我跟他說我幫他瞞過去了So I told him I saved his ass.還跟他說 他硬不起來I told him he couldn't get it up.厲害吧Yeah.太管用了It worked.他丟臉得不行 再沒問過我He was so embarrassed, he hasn't asked for it since.什麼 什麼啊What? What?就是個無聊的照片被傳來傳去It's just some stupid thing going around.天哪Oh, my God.不是針對你 可你們學校爛爆了Nothing personal, your school sucks.相信我 我懂的Believe me, I know.都只是些謠言 好嗎They're just rumors, all right?他們... 他們什麼都不知道Look, they don't... they don't know anything.也許現在什麼都不知道May not know anything now,不過很快就會知道了but I'm sure they'd find out soon enough.我敢打賭小托尼在到處炫耀Bet Little Tony's telling everyone.你應該以毒攻毒嗎You should fight fire with fire.-怎麼弄  -控制這些謠言- How? - Take charge of the rumors.給他們一些能傳的八卦Give them something else to talk about.嗯Hm.坐過去點Scoot over.笑一個Smile.快點 以毒攻毒嗎Oh, come on. Fire with fire, right?以毒攻毒Fire with fire.你在這個傢伙這裏有什麼發現What'd you find on our guy?店裏沒太多資料Not much paperwork around.沒有考勤卡或任何東西I mean, no timecards or anything.他連一個僱員都沒有 只有他自己He didn't have any employees. It was just him.那家人呢Family?我沒找到任何照片I didn't find any photos.我叫我表哥按照他駕照上的地址去核對了一下I sent my cousin to check his address on his driver's license.他一個人住He lives alone.沒人會牽掛他No one to miss him.那這塊垃圾怎麼樣 值點錢嗎What about this junk? Worth anything?我剛開始檢查I just started going through it,但是我發現了一些東西 也可能不是值錢貨but I found something that might be nothing.過來Come here.賭5塊錢 這是激光影碟機5 bucks says it's LaserDisc players.我操Fuck me.這他媽的可是軍事級別This shit is military-grade.我們殺死了一個該死的軍火走私販We killed a fuckin' gun-runner.我欠你5塊錢I owe you 5 bucks.啊 該死Ah, fuckin' hell.媽Ma.你就是這樣生活的嗎Is this how you live?豬圈都比這裏整潔A pig sty is more orderly.要喝點什麼嗎Something to drink?我有水 還有...哦 水I got water and, uh... uh, water.不用了 謝謝No, thanks.所以你收到我的信息了嗎So you got my message?你請求召開長老會... 那要求有點過分Your request for a kris... that's a lot to ask.我知道I know.但我最近一直在努力...改變自己But I've been working really hard... on myself.噢 拜託Oh, please.從你被趕出家門已經有2個月了It has been two months since you have been banished.不要試著說服我你已經洗心革面了Don't try to convince me you're a different person.可是從那之後我一直都在反省But I've been doing a lot of reflection since then.我不在乎你一直在做什麼I don't care what you've been doing或你認為什麼是你應得的or what you think you deserve.天啊 媽 對不起Jesus, Ma, I'm sorry.可以讓我把話說完嗎Am I allowed to say my piece, hmm?西姆拉和我知道你想重新加入這個家族Simza and I are aware of your appeals to rejoin the family.我們正在考慮你的請求We are considering them.可是有些條件But there are conditions.你需要賠償And restitution to be paid.我會對每個人進行賠償I'll pay everyone.不惜一切代價Whatever it takes.我只想和我的孩子們在一起I just want to spend time with my kids.多麼感人啊How touching.因為你的過失Because of your action,馬克思家族已經不存在了the Marks family no longer exists.我們現在是蘭科家族了We are Rankos now.如果允許你回到家族當中And if you're allowed to return,你也會成為蘭科家族的一員you will be one, too.我明白I understand.你真的明白嗎Do you?這就意味著你將不再是一家之主了It means you'd no longer be the head of the household.這個位置是白托尼的長子的That falls on White Tony's eldest.也就是你的女婿Your son-in-law.他只是一個小屁孩He's just a kid.他是被你一手送上這個位置的Who was elevated by your own hands,現在你必須遵守他的規則and now you have to abide by his rules.如果你同意 我就去聯繫約西普 提出正式請求Then, I'll reach out to Josip and make a formal request.與此同時...In the meantime...把這裏收拾一下do something about this.真是令人難堪It's an embarrassment.我他媽的為什麼要自願做這事Why the fuck did I volunteer to do this?因為這是普通人做的...Because this is what normal people do......而某人決定試著...and someone decided to try做一陣子普通人doing normal for a while.真令人吃驚啊What a surprise.我收到一封郵件說聚會位置改了I got an e-mail about the party changing locations.現在 我知道你不會問改到哪裏了Now, I know you're not one to ask.在靈修會我們就知道了We learnt that at the retreat.但是既然查理一直在練習But since Charlie's away practicing,我覺得你可以幫我一把I thought you could do with a hand.這瓶酒是為我們準備的 但是我還買了別的This one's for us, but I bought more.這是小吃和聚會禮品Snacks and party favors.進來吧Get in here.查理告訴過我 你們倆有一個兒子Charlie tells me you two have a son.尼克 15歲Nick. He's 15.幾周以後就滿16歲了He'll be 16 in a few weeks.我都搞不清楚時間怎麼過得這麼快I have no idea how that happened.是啊Oof.你呢What about you?噢 沒有孩子Oh, no kids.孩子不在我的計劃之中They didn't fit with the plan.你結過婚You were married.結了兩次 有那麼明顯嗎Twice. That obvious?你無名指上有曬出的戒指印Tan line on your ring finger.上一段婚姻6個月前結束了The last one finished six months ago.這一次是他提出的He ended it this time.你和同一個男人結了兩次婚嗎You were married to the same guy twice?我是那種不會放棄好東西的人I'm not one to give up on a good thing.很顯然 也可能是壞東西Or a bad one, apparently.我還沒簽離婚協議I still haven't signed the papers.鬼知道為什麼 很奇怪 對嗎Who knows. Stranger things, right?這個我應該怎麼做What should I do with this?我們換吧I'll trade you.你說查理一直在練習You said Charlie was practicing.他習慣對他面前的人作出回應Well, he's used to reacting to people in front of him,一對一one-on-one.現在他必須要為人師表Now he has to stand and deliver.演說啊Speechify.從本質上說 是的Mm, essentially, yes,可是比言語更重要的是... 要相信這些話but more important than the words is... believing them.他需要證明他說的都是真的He needs to prove he means what he says.你覺得我們是騙人的藝術家You think we're scam artists.我認為你們的客戶從你們那裏收穫了一些東西I think your clients get something from you,就像你們在靈修會有所收穫一樣like you did when you came to the retreat.我們任何一個人都不應該評判治癒人們的方法It's not for any of us to judge how people heal.把這些話說給查理聽 他認為帕斯做的都是些騙人的把戲Tell that to Charlie. He thinks Paz is full of shit.我擔心人們也會這樣看待查理I'm worried people will feel the same about Charlie.他講話時 如...如果哪怕When he speaks, if... if there is even有一點虛偽the slightest hint of inauthenticity,他就會被趕出房間he will be chased out of the room.他需要做一個誠實的人He needs to be a man of faith.你在讓他做什麼What do you have him doing?我會讓他做一些準備工作I gave him some homework.讓他給我寫一篇布道Told him to write me a sermon.這件事最好很重要This better be important.我還有兩個預約 都是引薦過來的I have two more appointments, both referrals.他們可能再也不上門了I may never get them back.對不起 我必須早點打烊Sorry. I got to close up early.我會補償你的I will make it up to you.我想要個星期六做工作日I want a Saturday.不行No.我給你一個星期天 但是由我來選具體哪天I'll give you a Sunday, but I pick which one.好吧Fair.新眼鏡嗎New glasses?是啊 你覺得怎麼樣Yeah. Yeah. What do you think?我怎麼想不重要It doesn't matter what I think.可是從內心來講 你太努力了But the spirits think you're trying too hard.燒烤的事我很抱歉 那不是我的主意Sorry about the barbecue. It wasn't my idea.沉默是吧Silent treatment.所以 是啊 你要和我一起經歷這事了So, yeah, you're gonna suffer through this with me.這是你能做的最起碼的事It's the least you can do."我們不是顧念所見的"We look not at the things which are seen but at the things乃是顧念所不見的which are not seen, for all the things因為所見皆是暫時which are seen are temporal,所不見皆是永恆"but the things which are not seen are eternal."聽到了嗎Hear that?你的身體是永恆的Your body's eternal."鎮之以無名之樸 夫將不欲"Simplicity without a name is free from all external aim,不欲以靜with no desire at rest and still.天下將自鎮"All things go right as of their will.""一隻魚 兩隻魚 紅魚 藍魚""1 fish, 2 fish, red fish, blue fish."怎麼樣 很有意思吧Come on. That was funny.這也沒有那麼難This can't be that hard.當...When...不No.不要Nope.閉嘴Shut up.-小托尼  -很高興見到你- Little Tony. - Good to see you.我能有幸感受到新生命嗎Do I detect the glow of new life here?如果有那麼快就好了We could only be so lucky so soon.請進來吧Please, come inside.謝謝你Thank you.考慮到你們目前家庭結合在一起的方式Given the way this union came together,我對這結果很滿意I'm very pleased with how it's worked out.他們之間有驚人的化學反應 你們覺得呢They have marvelous chemistry. Don't you think?哦 我同意 完全同意Oh, I agree. I totally agree.你家人怎麼樣And how's your family?我希望一切都好 因為我聽說I hope all is well, because I hear your grandson你孫子剛剛手術出院is recovering from surgery.闌尾炎 是的Appendicitis, yeah.唉Oh.我明白小孩生病讓人多麼難受I know how hard it is when a child is sick.我們有時候也會想 怎麼...And we sometimes wonder how...怎麼管一家子的各種事how we do with so many under the roof.是啊 大多數日子 我都不知道我們怎麼做到的 老實說Yeah, most days, I don't know how we manage, honestly.這就是我來這兒的原因This is why I'm here.你們想 呃 得到額外的幫助You want, uh, additional assistance.已經有好轉了 小托尼在財務這塊We have cut back, and Little Tony has done做得挺好了 是吧a wonderful job with the finances, right?但他還沒有到能獨當一面的年紀But he is not yet of age to contribute to the household.你們想說什麼What are you asking for?我們認為是時候讓一個人加入進來了We think it's time to bring someone in一個熟悉我們兩個家族的人someone who knows both families.就這意思Mm-hmm.我可以在你們家多花點時間I could arrange to spend a little more time here,-如果你們願意  -噢- if you'd like. - Oh.噢 你真是個好朋友Oh, you're such a good friend.但我們想要一個和家裏更親近的人But we want somebody closer to home.你想要長老會再接納方索嗎You want the Council to restore Fonso?我們希望召開一次長老會 考慮下這個提議We want a kris to take this request into consideration.-嗯  -是的- Mm-hmm. - Yes.是的 這就是我們想要的Yes, this is what we want.這個提議 你全力支持嗎And this request has your full support?我們兩個家族之間已經有太多恩怨There has been enough bad blood between our families.現在有了這對年輕夫妻的完美聯姻 這...And now with this beautiful union, it's...是時候放下過去的恩怨了it's time to put that to rest.永久地For good.我們能得到什麼保證嗎 他會守規矩嗎And what guarantee do we have? That he'll toe the line?甚至連我都很驚訝他現在的變化Even I am totally surprised by the man he has become.跟孩子的分離深深地改變了他Being separated from his children changed him profoundly.嗯Mm.我看見你和她的手握得又緊又親密I see you've got your claws in her nice and deep.我只是驚訝你竟然這麼久才提出I'm only surprised it took this long.噢 西姆拉完全有能力做出自己的決定Oh, Simza is perfectly capable of making her own decisions.事實上 我和她之間有很多爭執In fact, this has been quite a struggle between us.但這是我們為數不多的共識But this is one of the few times we agree.麗塔 我不是蒂伯 我也不是方索Rita, I'm not Tibor, and I'm not Fonso,你不能像玩弄你生命中的每一個男人一樣對我and you can't play me like every man in your life.家庭是第一位的Family comes first.對此我深信不疑 你曾經也是這樣This I always believed, as you did once.我希望你記住I hope you remember.但如果這超出了你的理解 那我就用你能理解的話來解釋But if this is beyond you, let me use terms you do understand.權利和金錢Power and money.現在 我們兩者都有大損失Right now, we're hemorrhaging both.而且你和我一樣清楚方索提出的條件And you know as well as I do what Fonso brings to the table.我可以召集長老會I can call a kris.但我不能保證你會得到你想要的支持I can't guarantee you'll have the support you need.你們都必須在會上為自己辯護You all have to be there to defend yourself...你 小托尼 西姆拉還有方索you, Little Tony, Simza, and Fonso.明白了嗎Understood.真不要臉Scandalous.我是我自己的I'm my own man.是的 我還挺幸運Yeah, I've been lucky. Aside from a little bit除了一點點晨吐 我還好of morning sickness, I've been great.哦 等嬰兒用手肘頂你的腎再說吧Oh. Wait till the baby elbows you in the kidneys.那時候才真正開始有意思That's when the real fun starts.-老實說 我都等不及了  -嘿- Honestly, I can't wait for that. - Hey.-給你的  哦 謝謝你- Here you go. - Oh. Thank you.來一杯嗎 蘋果酒Would you like one? Cider.謝謝Thank you.啊 我去去就來Ah. I'll be right back.好Yeah.真沒想到會看到你 我以為你去徒步旅行了呢Didn't expect to see you. I thought you were on walkabout.拜託 我會錯過這個嗎Come on. And miss this? Hmm?開悟可以等Enlightenment can wait.所以 我們第一次遇見時So, I bet that you never envisioned,你肯定沒有看到我再次回到這房子的幻象when we first met, that I would be back in this house again,更沒看到我是受邀客人了let alone an invited guest.很明顯 我不是一個好靈媒Clearly, I'm not a very good psychic.就算沒有超能力You don't need to have superpowers你也可以幫助別人 查理to help people, Charlie.我很高興你終於明白這一點了I'm glad that you are finally understanding that.瑪姬跟你說了我倆的小冒險了 是嗎Maggie told you about our little venture, did she?是啊 我為你倆感到開心Yeah. I'm happy for you, and I'm glad for her.對了 我認為她...Besides, I think she was getting...對我有不可名狀的壓抑a little creatively stifled with me.她性慾極度旺盛 是這樣嗎She's a bit of a ball-buster, that one, isn't she?處理好你的輕重緩急Well, just keep your priorities straight.你會沒事的You'll be fine.好的Okay.大家注意 時間到了It is time, everyone.耶Ooh!謝謝你 不 我不是家裏的魔術師Thank you. No, I am not the magician in the family,但我還是知道一兩個小把戲but I still know a trick or two.正如你們現在看到的 這是一個常見的氣球As you can see, this is a typical balloon,裝滿了熱空氣 就像生活中男人一樣filled with hot air like the men in our lives.現在 諾婭 現在還不是你硬膜外麻醉的時候[分娩]Now, Nora, it is not time for your epidural just yet,不過 大家覺得我們揭曉答案怎麼樣but what do you say we answer the question of the day?如果你願意 請盡地主之誼吧If you would, please, do the honors.噢耶Ooh.是個女孩It's a girl!太棒了That was amazing!好吧 這太奇怪了Well, that's odd.我可以發誓 你說過會是個男孩I could've sworn you said it was a boy.蛋糕Cake.謝謝Thank you.布道進行得如何How's the sermon coming?進展順利It's really coming along well.我等不及要聽了I can't wait to hear it.大家請聽我說 好嗎Can I have everyone's attention, please?我想向我親愛的朋友諾婭I would like to extend a blessing獻上祝福to my dear friend Nora.願你現在心中的快樂May the joy that you feel in your heart right now從你的生命延續到你的第一個孩子生命中extend through your life into the life of your firstborn.我還希望你知道 無論何時你需要我And I hope you know that whenever you need me,無論何地 我都會在你身邊wherever you need me, I will be there.我可能沒有嬰兒監視器那麼好I may not be as good as a baby monitor,但是我會傾聽but I'll be listening.-哇哦  -謝謝你- Aww. - Thank you.說得真好That's beautiful.-查理...  嗯 怎麼了- Charlie... - Hmm?...你沒什麼要說的嗎...isn't there something you wanted to say?啊 什麼Huh?關於撫養女兒的感言Something about raising a daughter.很讓人感動It's really moving.是啊Yeah.女孩很好Girls are amazing.很貼心也很難懂And sweet and complicated.她們比男孩更堅強And they are much stronger than boys.也許因為女孩比男孩成熟得快Probably because girls mature faster than boys,男孩比較慢and boys are slow.不是"慢" 是比較慢Not "Slow," But slower.我不是為了證明你的觀點 親愛的Not to prove your point for you, honey,不過是時候拆禮物了but it is time to open gifts.不如你先閉嘴 讓我們開心下好嗎So why don't you shut it so we can have some fun?就是Yeah!-坐吧 親愛的  -謝謝- Have a seat, sweetheart. - Thank you.你在給誰發短信Who are you texting?學校裏的朋友Friend from school.我以為你討厭學校呢I thought you hated it there.嘿 我們能談談嗎Hey, can we talk?認真聊聊Like a real conversation?談點正事About serious stuff?什麼What?我覺得我們應該再試試I think we should try again.第一天晚上我們試著做的事...The thing that we tried to do the first night...被我搞砸了...that I messed up and...夠了 我懂了Stop. I get it.我一直在努力練習...It's just that I've been practicing, and...天啊Oh, my God.真噁心Gross.這次我不會讓你失望的I'm not gonna let you down this time.我現在沒空 好嗎I can't do this right now, okay?我明天有考試I've got a test tomorrow.我下樓去複習了I'm gonna study downstairs.別等我了Don't wait up.媽的Fuck.好幾小時都這樣It's literally hours of this.有時會有人進來Sometimes someone will come in,四處看看 然後又離開they'll look around, and then they leave.看這Watch this.沒人買任何東西No one buys anything.他自己也不買任何東西And neither does he.整個店就他媽是個掩護Then the entire fuckin' shop's a front.我是這麼猜的That's my guess.等等 停下Whoa, whoa, whoa, stop.回放Go back.就這 播放Here. Play it.可能是我們要找的人Could be our guy.冷靜Play it cool.你要冷靜才對You play it cool.凱勁在哪Where's Caygeon?恐怕他已經沒在這工作了I'm afraid he's out of commission.他怎麼了What happened to him?信任問題Trust issues.我知道你懂的I'm sure you could understand that.什麼What?看起來不錯Looks good.我能問下是在哪搞的嗎Mind me asking where you acquired these?預付50 貨到再付10050 down, 100 on delivery.你們要多少錢How much?先付5050 down,貨到再付125125 on delivery.送給我當誠意嗎A sign of good faith?我一直想學吉他來著Always wanted to learn.我覺得可以送I think we can make that happen.原諒自己沒有捷徑There's no right way to forgive yourself.沒有一喝就靈的魔藥There's no magical cure.跟生活中所有事情一樣 你得自己努力Like everything in life, you just have to work at it.時間會治癒一切Time heals all wounds.要我說 這句就是屁話If you ask me, that's some bullshit right there.你不是因為時間流逝好起來的You don't feel better because time has passed.而是因為你自己在努力好轉You feel better because you've processed it.每種情感 每個細節 你都慢慢放下了Every emotion, every detail, you put it to bed.你投入了努力You've put in the work.你的右手邊第二排 金髮女Blonde woman, second row to your right.你現在就在努力 是不是You're putting in the work right now, aren't you?兩年前的車禍Car accident, two years ago.當時是她在開車She was driving.看起來是她的責任Looks like she was at fault.有人受傷There were injuries.你在跟我們示意 你應該跟他們互動才對You're reacting to us. You need to react to them.你因為那場車禍責怪自己You blame yourself for the accident.是你開的車You were driving.她可能失去了自己的兒子She may have lost her son.但不知兩者有沒有關聯I'm not sure if it's related.正在查詢更多細節Getting more details.你不能... 不能原諒自己You can't, uh... You can't forgive yourself.找不到任何出生記錄Can't find any birth record...在...Whe...沒事的 沒事的It's okay. It's okay.你現在很安全You're in a safe place.我們都在這陪著你We're all with you here.你的兒子...Your son...他叫什麼what was his name?克裏斯托弗Christopher.你當時懷了多久How far along were you?五個月Five months.克裏斯托弗想告訴你 他不怪你Christopher wants you to know that he doesn't blame you.他也不想你責怪自己And he doesn't want you to blame yourself, either.操 真牛Oh, damn.剛剛怎麼回事 哪裏出了錯What was that? What the fuck went wrong?沒有 至少我沒覺得Nothing, far as I could see.沒有嗎 不 是我運氣好Nothing? No. I-I got lucky.本有可能是場災難That could've been a disaster.但沒有啊But it wasn't.因為你跟我想像中的一樣專業Because you are exactly the pro I thought you'd be.你是故意亂來的 對不對You messed with the equipment on purpose, didn't you?你得自己看清自己有多能幹You needed to see for yourself what you are capable of.那裏可沒有什麼茶葉或是塔羅牌There aren't any tea leaves or tarot cards back here.只有你和他們This is just you and them.你也給帕茲扯這些屁話嗎You pulled this shit with Paz, too?帕茲成功的秘訣在於他相信自己Paz is successful because he believes in himself.他有妄想癥He's delusional.也許吧 但他不害怕Maybe. But he isn't afraid.那我怕咯But I am?你最終會變得對自己有信心的Eventually, you will come to believe in yourself像我一樣相信你自己as much as I do.抱歉不告而來Hey. Sorry to intrude.進來吧Oh, come on in.這是什麼What is this?因為那場派對給你的小小謝禮啦It's, you know, just a little thank you for the party.別說笑了Don't be ridiculous.給你帶了很多麻煩Well, you went to a lot of trouble.沒 根本不麻煩 而且還有人幫我Oh. No, it's nothing. And I had help.好吧 我可不想打擾你Well, look, I don't want to bother you.-我知道你在工作  -不 不 不 今天比較空- I know you're working. - No, no, no. It's a slow day.把這個打開吧Let's open this.早前你經歷過心碎和失去...You experienced heartbreak and loss early...但都是為了後期找到摯愛only to find love later than most.所以呢...And because of that...之前的親密關係裏 你都有點自私and relationships should tend to be a bit selfish.我會讓你知道的 我是給予型的人I'll have you know, I am very giving.不 抱歉啊 我可沒看出來No, I'm sorry. I'm not seeing that.我想把禮物籃收回來I want my gift basket back.既收不退No refunds.看手相這種事情要怎麼看So, how does this stuff work?你是在看我呢還是看手相Um, are you reading me or my hands?都看Both.你應該知道這些掌紋是生來就有的You realize that these lines are present from birth.真的It's true.嬰兒在子宮裏攥拳頭的姿勢決定了這些掌紋的樣子They're determined by how we clench our fists in the womb,所以它更多地是表明你會如何揮舞拳頭so it tells you more about how someone's gonna而不是展現你性生活的樣子throw a punch than what their sex life is like.我有去你辦公室 告訴你怎麼做你的工作嗎Do I come into your office and tell you how to do your job?有啊 兩次Yes. Twice.實際上 我覺得更像是三次Actually, I think it was more like three times.抱歉I'm sorry.我不知道為什麼這麼做I don't know why I did that.我該走了I should go.媽的Oh, fuck.媽的Fuck.