有时我敏感的蜘蛛感官Sometimes my highly tuned Spider-Sense告诉我有麻烦了tells me there's trouble.而有的时候我只是听到了一个特别吵的警报声And sometimes I just hear a really loud alarm.别担心伙计们  我去看看那令人讨厌的噪音Don't worry, folks. Gonna check on that pesky noise这样你们就可以继续你们的剪彩仪式so you can get back to your fancy ribbon-cutting ceremony.大洞啊  好啦小蜘蛛big hole. Okay, Spidey.看上去你要迎接一支军团Looks like you're about to take on a whole army of...一个秃头男one bald guy?小闪  这些都是你一个人干的吗You do all this damage yourself, shiny?是啊  是不是很厉害Yeah. Pretty impressive, huh?这不合理啊It doesn't add up.你虽然很壮  但是那墙看上去是被大铁球砸过一样You're a big guy, but that wall looks like it was hit by a wrecking ball.说来就来  老天  我是不是能召唤大铁球啊And there it is. Man, can I call 'em or what?我应该有我自己的侦探秀I should have my own detective show.人们叫我吸收人People call me the Absorbing Man.因为你有纸巾的力量吗'Cause you have paper towel powers?因为我能吸收任何东西Because I can absorb anything.是啊  就像纸巾那样Right. Just like paper towels can.你确定你不想叫纸巾人吗You sure you don't wanna go with "Paper Towel Man"?我向你保证别的坏蛋都没用过那名字I promise you no other bad guys are using that name.随便羞辱我  我脸皮厚Insult me all you want. I have thick skin.或者更好Or, better yet,锋利的皮肤sharp skin.说起左右为难Talk about being stuck between a rock and a hard face!你摸什么就变什么哈So, you become what you touch, huh?我倒要看看你摸不到任何东西的时候会怎么样  这是啥啊Let's see what? Now, what when you can't do we have here?你度假照片吗Your vacation photos?嘿伙计们  搞怪宝来啦Hey, gang! Screwball here!搞怪宝Screwball?还有一个有趣的事实With another fun fact.要是没了彩带  看看总裁怎么为It's hard for a CEO to cut the ribbon污染超标的on his polluting power plant headquarters电厂总部剪彩if he doesn't have the ribbon!让着给你们企业的傀儡上一课吧Let this be a lesson to all you corporate shills.你永远不知道你会被谁所惊到You never know when you'll be surprised by...蜘蛛侠Spider-Man?金属Metal.下次别忘了前后都要注意You might want to look both ways next time.而你这次最好不要站在这And you might not wanna stand there this time.抱歉蜘蛛侠Sorry, Spider-Man.我还指望那些商人傻瓜回来追我I expected those business goons to chase me.这下好了Great.笑一个蜘蛛侠Smile, Spider-Man.皮特  你一定要来看新一期的搞怪宝视频Pete, you have got to watch the new Screwball video.现在不行  哈利我在忙Not right now, Harry. I'm working on something.度假照片的保护措施Pretty heavy security也太夸张了吧for vacation photos.看看  她把蜘蛛侠整惨了Check it out. She totally messes with Spider-Man.- 真搞笑  - 是嘛- It's hilarious.  - Is it?多亏了这个搞怪宝  蜘蛛侠没能抓到这个坏蛋'Cause thanks to this Screwball character, Spider-Man lost a bad guy.别这样  蜘蛛侠需要被煞煞风头Oh, please! Spider-Man needs to be taken down a peg.这个搞怪宝是我的新英雄This Screwball's my new hero.她不是英雄  哈里She's not a hero, Harry.英雄有能力和责任心Heroes have power and responsibility.搞怪宝哪个也没有Screwball doesn't have either.她绝对有能力Oh, she has power, all right.网络的力量The power of the Internet.这视频才上传了几个小时This video's only been up a few hours,就已经有几十万人看过了and it already has hundreds of thousands of views.观看人数可不是超能力Views aren't power.不是吗  四处看看They're not? Look around.你被搞了  今天肯定没有大新闻You've been Screwballed! Must be a slow news day.别这样Come on!- 什么这么好笑  - 嘿  利兹- What's so funny?  - Oh, hey, Liz.我刚才在看搞怪宝最新发布的视频  你看了吗Just watching Screwball's latest post. Have you seen it?还没看  人们怎么说  他们喜欢吗Uh, no, not yet. What are people saying? Do they like it?当然啦  这是目前为止她最棒的一期了  里面还有蜘蛛侠呢Oh, yeah. It's by far her best. It has Spider-Man in it.这是人们在乎它的唯一原因And that's the only reason people care about it.人们在乎是因为整人球用酷酷的恶作剧来治理腐败People care because Screwball takes on corruption with cool pranks,不是因为里面有蜘蛛侠才在意not because it has Spider-Man in it.真的吗  那为什么这个视频点击率是她其他作品的四倍Really? Then why does this video have four times as many views as all her others?是嘛It does?如果加入蜘蛛侠能为我事业吸引更多关注Well, if involving Spider-Man brings more attention to my causes,那么我的观众们就绝对会看到蜘蛛侠then Spider-Man is exactly what my viewers are gonna get.嘿  伙计们  欢迎来到搞怪宝Hey, guys. Welcome to Screwball's全新的小蜘蛛特辑brand-new Spidey segment.至少一周一次  我会做关于蜘蛛侠的视频At least once a week, I'll be making a video about Spider-Man.所以请尽情留言  让我知道So sound off in the comments, and let me know你们对于小网虫的看法what you think of the old webhead.你被搞了You've been Screwballed!- 那东西哪去了  - 什么哪去了- Where is it?  - Where's what?我跟你说过把保险箱里所有的东西都拿来I told you to grab everything in the safe.我照做了啊And I did.我不在乎这些钻石  我只要那个闪存盘I don't care about diamonds. I wanted the flash drive!在蜘蛛侠手里Oh, that. Spider-Man got it.你这个低能儿You imbecile.那商店是猫头鹰的幌子That store is a front for The Owl,他在用那闪存盘里的信息敲诈我who was blackmailing me with the information on that drive!你怎么不早告诉我这些Why didn't you tell me all this?因为我想说的简单些好让信息能够吸收进你的厚脑壳Because I wanted to keep it simple enough to absorb through your thick skull!我雇用你的原因是他不会查到我的头上The only reason I hired you was so he wouldn't trace it to me!别吃我薯片了And stop eating my chips!我没吃I'm not!被抓到了Busted.那闪存盘里的信息足够把我判个无期的That drive has enough dirt on it to put me away forever,而现在在蜘蛛侠手里and now Spider-Man has it.你把它弄回来  别牵扯到我You get it back, and keep my name out of it,否则我对天发誓or so help me...  Ow!你尸体的渣渣连There won't be enough of you left蘸莎莎酱都不够to scoop up salsa!这不好笑That's not funny.蜘蛛侠应该把打击犯罪的活留给警察Spider-Man should leave the crime-fighting to the police...但一定要继续参演那些搞笑视频哦but keep being part of those hilarious videos.别烦蜘蛛侠  蜘蛛侠酷毙了Leave Spider-Man alone. Spider-Man rules!这也是我的蜘蛛侠粉丝网页的名字Which is also the name of my Spider-Man fan page.蜘蛛侠是个威胁Spider-Man's a menace.我还得现去查这个单词I had to look that word up.在我查完后  我很同意But once I did, I agreed.一个威胁A menace!- 你这在干嘛  - 先下了- What are you doing?  - Gotta go.- 嘿  丽兹  - 嘿  兰迪- Hey, Liz.  - Hey, Randy.你能不能把我们的学习小组挪到  别这样  你被整搞了Can we move our study group to... Oh, come on! You've been Screwballed!别告诉我你也是搞怪宝的粉丝Don't tell me you're a Screwball fan too.为什么不呢  她可棒了Why wouldn't I be? She's great.她就是互联网所有弊端的结合体She's everything that's wrong with the Internet.她要是真的想改变什么  她就会做些货真价实的东西If she really wanted to make a difference, she'd do something legitimate.- 比如你那无聊的博客吗  - 没错- Like your boring blog?  - Exactly!我是说  那才不无聊I mean... It's not boring.事实上  你知道她上周整的那个电力公司吗In fact, you know that power company she pranked last week?那是被一个匿名集团在同一天成立的十几个It was one of a dozen businesses bought up on the same day商业项目之一by the same anonymous corporation.我还没查出是谁  但我的直觉告诉我黑帮是幕后指使I haven't cracked who it is yet, but my gut tells me the Mob's behind it.他们有  你知道吗They have... You know what?我把我的故事发给你了  只有35页I'll just send you my story. It's only 35 pages.不用了谢谢  我觉得你很嫉妒I'm good, thanks. I just think you're jealous因为搞怪宝的点击量很大  而你的博客只有三个人看because Screwball gets a ton of hits, and your blog only has... three.那又如何  搞怪宝的点击量也下降了So what? Screwball's numbers are down too.没有蜘蛛侠助阵  她什么也不是Without new footage of Spider-Man, she's nothing.嘿  找到蜘蛛侠很难的  也许吧Hey, finding Spider-Man is hard. Probably.我得走了Oh, I have to go.我爸要在今天市媒体大楼的My dad's speaking a the groundbreaking ceremony奠基仪式上讲话for the city's new media building today.他是个真正的记者Now, he's a real journalist.实际上  所有的主流新闻媒体都会去In fact, every major news outlet's gonna be there,包括我的博客  非常感谢including my blog, thank you very much.所有的主流媒体  是嘛Every major outlet, huh?感谢你们支持我爸爸  朋友们Thanks for coming out to support my dad, guys.我都不知道你们知道这个活动I didn't even know you knew about this event.哦  这个  我们当然知道啦Oh, thi...  Of course we did.而且这和我们就在街对过吃午饭的事情完全无关And it has nothing to do with the fact that we were across the street having lunch.别让他骗了你  兰迪Don't let him fool you, Randy.做点不关乎我们两个竞争学校的事情还是挺好的It's just nice to do something that doesn't involve our competing schools for a change.嗯  严格来讲  我爸爸把奥斯本工作机器人借给他们了Well, technically, my dad is lending them an Oscorp worker bot.我本来应该知道的I should've known.你可以用一支远景高中的笔来报道这件事情Well, maybe you can use a Horizon High pen to write the story.谢谢大家Thank you, everyone.在我们破土动工之前  我希望说两句Before we break ground, I'd like to say a few words,虽然我的编辑不相信我and though my editor won't believe me,但我保证就说两句I promise it'll only be a few.人们总是问我People always ask对下一代有没有什么建议if I have any advice for the next generation.如果有的话  是这个If I do, it's this:看重你的故事Value your story.现在  任何人在任何地方都能有上百万的观众Nowadays, anyone anywhere can have an audience of millions.但是被这些人看到不同于和真正触及他们But being seen by those people isn't the same as reaching them.一个真正的作家不会在意获得多少赞A real writer doesn't care about getting likes,他们在意的是做出贡献they care about making a difference,无论是为了十万人  还是一个人whether it's for 100,000 people or just one.现在  我们就让这个大家伙去工作吧And now, let's put this big guy to work给我们的新大厦破土动工and break some ground on this new building.它在干什么What's it doing?我没事  儿子I'm okay, son.你被搞了You've just been Screwballed!是搞怪宝It's Screwball!- 我爱死你的视频了  - 这太差劲了  她可能会伤到我爸爸的- I love your videos! - This is awful. She could've hurt my dad!别担心  兰迪  她的恶作剧只是看起来可怕Don't worry, Randy. Her pranks look worse than they are.对吧  小彼Right, Pete?呃  小彼Um... Pete?太符合帕克的风格了Typical Parker.你控制了工作机器人You took over the worker bot?这可不好  搞怪宝Not cool, Screwball.哈  你开玩笑吧  我才开始呢Ha! Are you kidding? I'm just getting started.- 哇  - 搞怪宝- Whoa! - Screwball!不要No!我来了Hold on!谢谢你救我  蜘蛛侠Thanks for the save, Spider-Man.什么  广告牌What in... A billboard?这我可饶不了你You're gonna answer for that one.蹦极绳A bungee cord?卡And cut!干得不错嘛  小蜘蛛  那个条幅是我计划好的Nice work, Spidey. I was hoping for the banner plug,但是这个速干水泥是个额外的福利but the quick-drying cement was an added bonus.那如果我在这里和你纠缠的时候And what if someone out there别的地方有人需要我帮忙怎么办needed my help while I was preoccupied here with you?放松  小蜘蛛Relax, Spidey.这个城市全是英雄This city is full of heroes.我的观众想看咱俩一起出现  我也没办法I can't help it if my viewers wanna see us together.小蜘蛛  小蜘蛛  这边  给我们笑一个Spidey, Spidey! Over here! Give us a smile.棒Nice!你被搞了You've been Screwballed!你真的还在看网上的破视频吗Are you seriously still watching stupid Internet videos?你应该去把我的闪存盘从蜘蛛侠那里抢回来You're supposed to be getting my drive back from Spider-Man!我试过了  我闯入了另一家珠宝店想引他出来I tried. I broke into another jewelry store to draw him out,但是来的却是复仇者鹰眼but that Avenger Hawkeye showed up instead.我不想听借口I don't want excuses!我要你找到蜘蛛侠I want you to find Spider-Man.你在网上的小朋友想找到他可没什么难的Your little Internet friend here doesn't seem to have any trouble finding him.说不定他们是搭档  像我们Maybe they're partners, like us.我们不是搭档We are not partners.不过  这也不是个坏主意Although, that's not a bad idea.是嘛  我明天就能搬进来Really? 'Cause I can move my stuff in tomorrow.我在说那个女孩I'm talking about the girl.我们抓住那个女孩  我们就能抓住蜘蛛侠We get the girl, we get Spider-Man.但是我们怎么找到他But how do we find him?听着  总有线索的Look, there's always something.他们总会忘记什么事情Always something they forget.中城中学  看"Midtown High School." There!那你赶紧去啊Now get on it!你被搞了了You've just been Screwballed!你也不是很喜欢搞怪宝啊Not a Screwball fan either, huh?- 我以为只有我  - 才不是- I thought I was the only one. - No way.互联网是人类历史上最强大的技术The Internet is the most powerful technology in human history,然后我们就用来发恶搞视频and we use it for prank videos.真是浪费Such a waste.- 嘿  那是学校的大作业吗  - 啥  不是- Hey, is that a school project? - What? No.- 我是说  是的  - 一个非对称加密的密钥- I mean, yes. An asymmetric encryption key?我能看看吗Mind if I take a look?哇Whoa.这东西可不常见You don't see a lot of these.你知道这是什么  你能破解吗You know what this is? Can you crack it?你开玩笑吧  解这种问题是我的最爱Are you kidding? This kind of problem solving is my favorite.来  我告诉你你缺了什么Here. I'll show you what you're missing.我觉得我缺的是你I think what I was missing was you.噢  闪电  你出局了Aw. Flash, you're out.把搞怪宝给我找来Bring me Screwball!嘿  快滚出去Hey, get outta here!给我走  快滚  怪胎You're out! Get lost, freak!现在Now!嘿  谁也别想走Hey! No one's going anywhere!你们这些蠢蛋中有人知道她在哪Hey, one of you twerps knows where she is.所以告诉我So tell me.哦不Oh, no!看来这不仅是关于我了Guess this isn't just about me anymore.但是也许我可以在这里做点什么But maybe I can do something from here.蜘蛛侠  这里是搞怪宝Spider-Man, this is Screwball.好了  我破解了加密Got it! I broke the encryption.这里有And we have...一堆名字乱七八糟的文件a bunch of files with scrambled titles,都和  锤头有关all connected to... Hammerhead?他不是黑帮的吗Isn't he a gangster?他是  但这些乱七八糟的名字是什么意思He is. But what do those scrambled titles mean?我不知道  但这里有好几十个这样的文件I don't know, but there are a dozen of these files.安雅说我们得看看最新的搞怪宝视频Anya says we need to check out the new Screwball video.她知道我不喜欢  所以这个肯定很有趣She knows I'm not a fan, so this should be interesting.蜘蛛侠  这里是搞怪宝Spider-Man, this is Screwball.我需要你马上来中城高中  我有麻烦了I need you to come to Midtown High right away. I'm in trouble.我希望蜘蛛侠在看这个I hope Spider-Man is watching this.大概只是她的另一个恶作剧而已It's probably just another prank.这个女生为了博取关注什么都能做出来That girl will do anything for attention.我失去耐心了I'm getting impatient.嗨  兰迪·罗伯特森  自由职业记者Hi. Randy Robertson, freelance journalist.你找搞怪宝干什么呢What do you want with Screwball...到底exactly?不要拖延了Stop stalling!如果搞怪宝十秒内不出现If Screwball doesn't show herself in ten seconds,这个家伙就完了this guy's gonna be toast.- 快点  小蜘蛛  你在哪  - 十- Come on, Spidey. Where are you? - Ten.- 九  八  - 是不是他不会来了Nine. Eight. Is it possible he's not coming?- 我是不是恶搞他太多了  - 七  六- Did I prank him one too many times? - Seven. Six.- 好吧  我不需要蜘蛛侠  - 五  四- Okay. I don't need Spider-Man. - Five. Four.- 我是搞怪宝  我和他一样厉害  对吧  - 三  二- I'm Screwball. I'm just as good as him, right? - Three. Two.- 我比他还厉害  - 一- Better, even. - One.放开他Let him go!你马上就要被搞了You're about to be Screwballed!啥Huh?你真的以为你是个超级英雄Did you really think you were a superhero?你真的以为你穿这件背心能好看And did you really think you could pull off that tank top?蜘蛛侠  你来了Spider-Man!  You came!我还担心你以为我的视频是恶作剧呢I was worried you thought my video was a prank.说实话  我有过怀疑To be honest, I was wondering if it might be.但是做英雄就是这样But that's the thing about being a hero.你不能迟疑You don't get to wonder.蛛网  我不知道我之前Webs! I don't know why为什么没这么做I didn't do this earlier.被蛛网闷死Smothered by webs?这是讽刺吗  感觉很讽刺Is this irony? Feels like irony.但是我同样觉得这是个使用我的蛛网溶解剂的好机会Also feels like a good time to use my web dissolvent.那样可不友善That wasn't nice!友善  你现在担心友不友善了Nice? Now you're worried about being nice?啊Aahh!把闪存盘给我  我就放他们走Just give me the flash drive, and I'll let them go!闪存盘  原来是为了这个The flash drive? That's what this is about?我身上没带  你看到我衣服上有兜了吗I don't have it on me. Do you see pockets?好吧Fine, then.我在新媒体建筑的施工工地等你Meet me at the new media building construction site.一个小时内到那  不然这两个小家伙Be there in an hour, or you'll find a couple of concrete teens就要变成混凝土块了waiting for ya.快躲开Get to safety!等一下  这张照片一定能获得不少赞Just a sec. This is gonna get so many likes.这都是我的错This is all my fault.这才算是新闻简讯嘛Now, there's a news flash.但是  你的确为了救一个陌生人冒了生命危险But... you did put your life on the line to save a total stranger.你不是陌生人  兰迪You're not a stranger, Randy.你是我的朋友You're my friend.丽兹  为什么Liz? But why?我不知道I don't know.我之前感觉自己很特殊I used to feel so special.我成绩全优  还是中城高中的班长I was a straight-A student, the class president of Midtown High.但是之后出现了像是远景高中和奥兹学院之类的天才学校But then came genius schools like Horizon High and Oz Academy,这些东西感觉不够了and those things didn't seem to be enough anymore.所以我就化身为搞怪宝So I became Screwball.一位自己能够成为社区的英雄Thought I could be a hero to the community.我猜在我开始把注意力放在蜘蛛侠身上的时候我就迷失了方向I guess I lost sight of that when I started focusing on Spider-Man.因为我所获得的关注我感觉获得了力量I felt powerful because I had the attention.但是我想如果想要当一个真正的英雄需要另外一种能力But I guess it takes a different kind of power to be a real hero.- 救我的命可不是小事  - 谢了- Well, saving my life was no small thing. - Thanks.出来Get out!掉在水泥搅拌器上Dangling over a cement mixer?以后再也不让你看孩子了Oh, that's the last time I let you watch the kids.蜘蛛侠  你到了Spider-Man, you made it.把闪存盘交出来就不会有人受伤Hand over the drive, and nobody gets hurt.当然  我是该给你Sure. Should I give it to you,还是直接给你的老板  锤头or directly to your boss, Hammerhead?恭喜你Oh-ho, congratulations.你搞清楚了这个傻大粗是为我工作的  你想要个奖牌吗You figured out the dumb brute's actually working for me. You want a medal?不  不过你的脑袋里的金属大概够给我No. Although there's probably enough metal in your head金银铜牌各打一枚了to give me the gold, silver, and bronze.把东西交上来Just deliver the goods,我们就把孩子放走and we'll let the kids go.当然Sure thing.现在把他们放了Now let them go.我正是这么打算的Oh, that's exactly what I plan on doing.把他们丢下去Drop 'em!我就知道像你这样的恶棍不值得信任I knew a thug like you couldn't be trusted.但是我觉得我愿意在带着你用来洗钱的But I thought I'd give you a chance before I went to the police公司名单去警局之前给你个机会with the list of businesses you're using to launder money.什么  你是怎么What? Well, how did you...小菜一碟  动动脑子就解决了Easy. Just used the old noggin.把那个虫子灭了Extinguish that bug!哎呦Oops.怎么就没有一个人能Can't I have just one person做到我需要他们做的事that does what I need 'em to do?我还是自己解决吧I'll take care of this myself.看你多容易就被取代了  吸收人See how easily you're replaced, Absorbing Man?很明显你的老板喜欢大块头  心凶狠易于控制的家伙Clearly, your boss likes 'em big, bad, and easy to control.哦Oh?那他一定会喜欢我的这个新能力Then he's gonna love this new power I have.我这张破嘴Sometimes I don't know why I open my mouth.你不知道我能变大吧Didn't know I could increase in size, did ya?别动  我马上就把我们弄出去Hold still. I'll have us outta here in a second.你增强了你的个头和力量You increased in size and strength,只可惜长相没什么长进but sadly not in looks.不No!我想到个主意I just got an idea.(＾Ｕ＾)ノ~ＹＯ  光头  过来这边Yo, chrome dome! Over here!你这能力还真是了不起That's an impressive ability you have there.当然没有吸收知识那么令人印象深刻了Not as impressive as absorbing knowledge, of course.要让我在智慧和和力量之间选我永远都会选力量I'd pick strength over smarts any day.我想也是  否则 你就会意识到I figured. Otherwise you would've realized你刚才吸收的金属是锂that the metal you just absorbed was lithium.是吗  那又怎样Yeah? So what?锂和某些化合物的反应不太好So, lithium doesn't react well with certain compounds.就像你的脸Like your face?不No.就像水Like water.- 他被消灭了吗  - 很可惜  我觉得没有- Is he gone? - Sadly, I doubt it.他可能一会儿就把自己拼起来了He'll probably pull himself together soon enough.- 不过还是很不可思议  你成功化险为夷  - 也多亏了你的帮助- Still, that was amazing! You saved the day! - With your help.如果不是因为我记起你博客中写到的那些That drive didn't mean a thing until I remembered the story on your blog闪存盘里提到的公司about the companies that were just bought up.你You...你读了我的博客You read my blog?蜘蛛侠是我的三个 点击者之一Spider-Man is one of my three hits!蜘蛛感应  喔Spider-Sense. Whoa!我要像捏死虫子一样弄死你I'm gonna crush you like the insect you are!这坨废铁又出什么问题了What's wrong with this piece of junk?你被搞了You've just been Screwballed!你开什么玩笑Wha... You've gotta be... Hey!我讨厌那个孩子I hate that kid!你刚被蜘蛛侠  了You've just been Spider-Man-ned!希望你捕捉到了他刚才的直立体前屈Hope you got his swan dive on camera.我拍到了  还有其它一些内容Oh, I got it. Among other things.挺有趣的It's pretty funny.这要取决与你站在哪一边Depends on what side you're on.不过今天  我很高兴你站在我这边Although today, I was glad you were on my side.但是这一切都是因我而起的But I also started this whole mess.纠正自己的错误同样是成为英雄的一部分Fixing your mistakes is part of being a hero.英雄  我吗A hero? Me?在经历了今天的事  绝对算了After today? Absolutely.那比一百万个赞都要强That's better than a million likes.也许是时候做回我自己了Still, maybe it's time I went back to just being me.丽兹·艾伦Liz Allan?你知道我是谁You know who I am?当然Uh, of course.你是中城高中的班长  所有人都知道You're Midtown High's class president. Everybody knows that.也同样是And the perfect person将吸收人交给警局的最佳人选to hand over Absorbing Man to the police.更不用说锤头了Not to mention Hammerhead.结果是 今天最大的小蜘蛛失误So, it turns out the biggest Spidey fail是我辜负了小蜘蛛was that I failed Spidey.他所做的好事正是我一开始想要做的He was doing the kind of good I set out to do,但是我却因为追求外界的关注迷失了方向but I got caught up in the popularity of it all.对此我感到很抱歉And I'm sorry about that.这将是接下来一段时间内最后一段搞怪宝食视频了This is my last Screwball video for a while.与此同时  如果你们想要了解真正的新闻In the meantime, for real news,还有兰迪·罗伯特森的博客为您服务Randy Robertson's blog has got you covered.小蜘蛛化险为夷So Spidey saved the day.我猜他才是真正的英雄  是吧  哈利I guess he really is a true hero, huh, Harry?得了吧Aw, please!互联网上的事不能全信  彼得You can't believe everything you see on the Internet, Pete.你被搞了新媒体大厦蜘蛛侠说去看看搞怪宝的视频搞怪宝你被搞了 第八辑中城高中你被搞了你被搞了蜘蛛侠第一季  第十四集翻译  霸气小肥鹅翻译  马萨诸塞de召唤翻译  Lysenko校对  Lysenko擦枪字幕组XGunSubTeam原创译制bbs.ncar.cc荣誉出品合作洽谈     Q:864413459■■■人人视频APP在线观看美剧离线高清缓存更有海量高清电影扫码即刻下载特别推荐■各大应用市场均可下载■Xgun擦枪小组 有偿招募译制成员 诚邀阁下加入Q群：545053435请注明职务：翻译、听译、aegisub特效（熟练手）对字幕有任何意见和建议的同学请加Q群：544487177