字幕转制｜天外生物感谢原字幕制作者注意有海盗Attention, pirates alongside!注意有海盗 进入船舱躲避Pirates alongside! Take cover. All crew below deck!再说一遍 注意有海盗I repeat Pirates alongside!执行紧急措施Initiate emergency procedure!所有船员到船舱躲避All crew below deck!紧急措施 红色警报Emergency positions! Code red! Code red!所有船员到船舱躲避Get everybody below deck, now!所有人趴下Everyone, get down!杰克 联合国护卫舰在哪？Jack, where's that UN convoy?直升机起飞了 三十分钟到The chopper's on its way,sir. ETA 30 minutes!所有人躲避到舱里Get everybody below deck我在等俺儿子啊I'm waiting for my son我不能让他回来找不着家啊I need our home for his return!等警察来了 我看你们还敢不敢拆Wait till police get here! Let's see how you're going to tear our houses!想死就别拦着If they wanna die, then let 'em婶 嫂子Mrs. Yu, Mrs.Fei.我们把小飞送回来了We brought Xiao Fei home敬礼Salute!告诉新来的 俺们中队的座右铭是啥啊？Tell these rookies what our motto is谦虚Be humble我来当兵就是为了打仗I became a soldier because I wanted to be in battles现在呢 打啥仗啊打仗？and now, what about the battles?在家都陪陪老婆孩子多好啊Much better to be at home with wife and kids instead我闺女 漂亮吧？My daughter, she's beautiful, huh?一个个驴球马蛋的啊You gang of sumbags!还真拿自己当回事了 是吧？You think you're tough, huh?给我打 都上Go get them! Get them!警察同志他有枪Officer see! He's got a gun!有枪a gun!解放军同志 请你把枪放下Comrade, put down your weapon!挺能打是吧？You're pretty lethal, huh?咋不弄死我呢？Well you'd better kill me now,有不在的时候吧because you're gone,你看我怎么弄死他们I'm gonna make them wish they were dead嘿Hey!冷锋Leng Feng!军人 之所以被人尊重The reason a soldier is respected不是因为军人两个字is not because of the uniform he wears,而是因为军人担负的责任but is because of the sense of duty he carries即使脱了军装 职责还在With or without the uniform, the duty remains一样会被人尊重And he continues to be respected快点Hey, hurry up!嘿 冷 我们的英雄Hey, Leng. There's our hero感谢你救了我们大家Thanks for saving the lives of everyone- 我们合个影呗？ - 没问题- Let's take a picture together  - No problem!- 谢谢  - 好的 再见- Thank you!  - Ok, see you!再见 保重Take care, see you!嘿 老板Hey, boss!- 买点吧 这是好东西  - 上次塔曼村疫情爆发- Buy some, it's good stuff  - There was an outbreak in Taman recently就因为万吃了这个药材 有四个人活下来呢Because of consuming this herbs, there were 4 survivors- 拜托  - 不了 谢谢- Please!  - No, thank you!帮帮忙吧 考虑一下Please help please consider老板Boss.中国酒来了Chinese wine.这儿This- 嘿  - 别这样兄弟- Hey, hey.  - Come on man好吧 这次就算了Ok, this one is okay合作愉快 下次见Nice one. See you next time.上来Get up here!欢迎回来Welcome back!再见Bye这个 好东西This, good for you能让你不再孤单You're not alone二十美元 买一送一20 dollars. Buy one get one free- 我是谁  - 我的干爹- Who am I?  - My godfather如果干爹把这个告诉你妈妈If your godfather tells your mother about this,她会怎么想？ 没收了what would she think? Confiscated!开始Begin!干爹 干爹 干爹Godfather! Godfather! Godfather!哈里 哈里 哈里Harry! Harry! Harry!干爹 干爹 干爹Godfather! Godfather! Godfather!阿冷 阿冷 阿冷Leng! Leng! Leng!谁？Who?谁？Who?还有谁？ 还有谁？Who else? Who else?你上Do it, do it去你的Fuck it!你以为你是谁啊？Who the fuck you think you are?来吧Come on!好啊Yeah帕特里克 帕特里克 帕特里克Patrick! Patrick! Patrick!我要去边境执行一项任务I've been sent to the border for a mission等我回来的时候When I get back,希望你能在这个文件上签字this had better be signed结婚申请Marriage Application为什么当兵？Why did you join the army?当兵后悔两年 不当兵后悔一辈子Join the army, you regret it for two years. Don't join the army, regret it for life.- 真话？ - 真话- The truth?  - That's the truth.再喝Drink! again!龙小云同志Comrade Long Xiao Yun.在边境执行任务时不幸遇袭was attacked while carrying her mission at the border.在现场 我们发现了这枚子弹We found this bullet.再喝Drink again.你想听什么？What do you want to hear?你想听什么？What do you want to hear?再喝Drink!再喝Again!你赢了You win.你赢了You win.我输了…But I lost...彻彻底底的输了I've lost completely.你跟船已经有一年多了It's been more than a year since you came on board从杰尔巴到藻拉纳鲁During that time, from Djerba to Tolanaro,大半个非洲的部落长老我都问过I've asked all the chiefs. More than half of Africa,都没有见过你的这颗子弹And nobody has seen that bullet before. peluru itu sebelumnya.我一定会找到的I will find it,哪伯走遍整个非洲even if I have to scour the entire continent.亲爱的祖国同胞们Dear fellow countrymen,首先我对贝卡村受难的同胞表示沉痛哀悼my deepest condolences to the families their loved ones during Batchka Village incident今日早些时候 非法武装组织红巾军表示对贝其卡灭村行动负责Early today, the red scarf rebel army claimed responsibility for the Batchka Village我们对这种惨绝人寰的行为强烈谴责Our government condemns their barbaric behavior.我们的家园 正在遭受一连串的伤害Our homeland has been attacked on multiple occasions.不幸的事接二连三的发生These are great tragedies.红巾军的恐怖势力如同疫情一样蔓延The rebels continue to advance as the country grapples with the Lamanla outbreak.政府不会坐以待毙 伟大的人民军队誓为家园奋战到底As your government, we will not back down. The great people's army will fight to the very end.另外国家设立了疫情隔离区Quarantine have been set up across the country,最大范围内控制了疫情造成的伤害in an attempt to contain the Lamanla outbreak.国家已经把医疗救助级别和紧急程度设为最高We have declared a state of emergency.哎 哥们Hey, brother少三张You shorted me 300 bucks.轻点儿Be careful with that.大家都是中国人Look, we're both Chinese.这样好么？You do this to your own people?我从上个月十四号下午三点开始Since 3 pm on the 14th of last month,就不是中国人了I am no longer officailly Chinese.怎么着？刚从国内来啊？What? Fresh off the boat?看见了么？ 现在这局势Hear that? In times like this,就是这个价that's the price you get.见过这个么？Seen this before?没见过Nope有人说在这个国家出现过I've been told that it came from these parts.我真没见过Definitely never seen it.老板Hey boss.你怎么样了？来根烟？How are you? Smoking?TunduTundu!走 走Go! Go!别开枪Don't shoot!别开枪Don't shoot!- 别开枪  - 他们是好人- Don't shoot!  - Good people过去 过去Go, go, go!想活的就给我趴下Get the fuck down or you die!- 红巾军必胜  - 你知道你在跟谁说话吗- Hail the revolution!  - You're now talking to rebels!不要骗我 你倒霉了Don't lie to me. Your luck is down!红巾军必胜Hail the revolution!不不不 快看No, no, no Guys, look!必胜Revolution!- 这他妈的是什么？  - 不不不- What the fuck is this?!  - No, no, no他是政府军的走狗He's a pro-government rat!- 不不不  - 你在骗我- NO!  - You lied to me!不不不 红巾军必胜 红巾军必胜No! Hail the rebels! Hail the rebels!妈的Shit!TunduTundu!- 中国大使馆  - 去大使馆- Chinese embassy  - Let's go to the Chinese embassy.他们会收留我们的 我们是中国人They'll take us in. We're Chinese.那我们怎么办？ 我们该怎么办？What about us? What're we suppose to do?- 他们会收留我们吗？ - 很难说- Will they accept us?  - Hard to say.- 那是我们的国家  - 所有人跟我走- That's our country.  - Everybody follow me.走Go!走Go!走Go!走Go!快走Come on!不No!这边Here慢着 慢着 不不 中国人 中国人Slow down! No, no! We're Chinese- 快走  - Tundu- Go, go!  - Tundu!走 走Go, go, go!走狗去死 红巾军必胜Die! Scum! Hail the revolution!走狗该死Die! Scum!去死Die! Scum!- 去死吧  - 把枪放下- Die!  - Lower your guns!放下武器Put down your weapons!把枪放下 把枪放下Lower your guns! Lower your guns!大家暂停Stand down!我们是中国人We are Chinese!我们是中国人We are Chinese!中国和非洲都是朋友China and Africa are friends!走Go走 快走 走Go, hurry. Go.走Go.撤Fall back!帮忙Help! Help!首长 他国战舰已经全部驶离战斗区Commander, all foreign vessels are leaving the war zone.前方很危险 我们还要继续进港吗？The harbor is unsafe. Are you certain about docking?前进十Forward 10 knots.航向二七〇Set course bearing for 270.开闸门Open the gate!老樊 辛苦了 你们海军来的太及时了Well done, you got here just in time- 现在局势怎么样？ - 这个国家的叛乱完全爆发了- What's the situation?  - The entire country's in chaos.我们侨民的生命和财产受到严重危害The war has destroyed lives of many of countrymen.你们能不能派兵把他们保护出来Can you send our troops in to help?未经联合国允许Without the UN's authorization,我方作战人员是不能进入的our troops aren't premitted  to enter the war zone.您慢点 六十二号OK, slow, No.62来来来 往上走 好Go go go, Up we go! Nice!你哪的？这不能上Where are from? He can't board.我儿子He's my son.我们有票 看We have tickets. See, look!三张 七九 八十 八一Three tickets. 79, 80, 81.好 七九 八九 三十Fine then. 79, 80, 81.谢谢Thank you.我们去哪？Where are we going?总理先生 你听我说Mr. Prime Minister, please listen to me.贵国发生这样的事情 我很遗憾I'm deeply sorry for what's happening in your country.但是我相信 你也一定不会忘记But I believe you have not forgotten about the help,历史上我国对贵国的援助之情we provided to your country我们两国之间的友谊and friendship between our countries我相信你也知道I believe you understand how important我国援非的陈博士对非洲的重要性our citizen Dr. Chen is to Africa.请派兵保障陈博士的安全Please send somebody to protect his safety.对不起I'm sorry,- 你们现在只能靠自己了  - 总理先生- you're on your own this time  - Prime Minister陈博士在哪？Where's Dr. Chen?我绝不会I will never告诉你的tell you我们走Let's go!十二年的卧薪尝胆啊12 years of hard work.一朝战乱 全他妈没了One war, and it's all fucking gone这子弹…The bullet...有什么故事么？what's the story?TunduTundu!Tundu 下了船就不能上船了啊Tundu! If you get off, you can't get back on.Tundu TunduTundu! Tundu!- 站住  - 对不起 对不起- Stop right there!  - I'm sorry, I'm sorry我要我妈妈I want my mom!我要我妈妈 我不要去中国I want my mom, I don't want to go to China!- 你看着我  - 我要我妈妈- Look at me  - I want my mom!相信干爹I want my mom!- 相信干爹  - 兄弟- Ok? I want my mom!  - Hey brother你怎么也下来了？What are you doing down here?有一件事情我必须跟你说实话There's something I have to tell you.你戴的这个子弹…That bullet...我见过 这上面的花纹I've seen it before. That pattern,好像是反政府武装那边的一个什么标记is a symbol used by the rebel forces.我有一个搞军火的朋友跟我说An arm dealer friend of mine told me他们现在已经雇佣了欧洲价最高的雇佣兵the rebels have hired the most expensive mercenaries out of Europe.我不管你跟他们有什么恩怨Whatever grudge you've got against them,我劝你一句I urge you,- 别去送死  - 桑库加镇的华资工厂- don't go seeking death.  - 47 Chinese workers!还有四十七名中国员工are still stuck at the Hanbond Chinese factory更可怕的是五十五公里外What's worse, Dr, Chen is stuck 55 km还有援非小组的陈博士behind enemy lines on a medical relief mission他可是恐怖分子的头号目标He's a high value target for the rebel army.从洛奇诺到圣佛兰已经全面封锁Everything is in total lockdown from Lochino to St. Francis.没有联合国的允许Without UN's authorization,我方作战人员禁止进入交战区my troops aren't allowed to enter the war zone.这次撤侨行动 事关重大This operation is highly important!我们必须让所有的中国员工We have to evacuate those Chinese workers!还有陈博士安全撤离and Dr. Chen by all means!在目前情况下 作战人员禁止进入交战区Under current circumstances, combat troops are prohibited from entering the warzone!但我们要坚决完成撤侨In order to complete the evacuation,必须要一个人单独完成任务someone has to undertake the mission alone!- 我去  - 站住- I'll go.  - Stop right there!干什么的What's your purpose?原中国人民解放军东南军区Former PLA, South-east region,特种作战旅 战狼中队Specail Ops Brigade,  Wolf Warrior squadron,冷锋Leng Feng.这孩子的妈妈就在那家华资工厂This child's mother is  at Hanbond Chinese factory.我大概知道那里的位置I know approximately where it is located.我保证I promise you,我会带你妈妈回来的I will bring your mom back.我们已经替你搞定好了We took care of business now, didn't we?外交部的汤特使 安德拉亲王 德鲁王子Ambassador Thomas, King Angola, Prince Drew.该死的通讯部经理That goddamn communications manager.他们都消失了They're all gone. They all disappeared,神秘的失踪real mysterously!不要用这些破事糊弄我Stop wasting my time with that crap!陈博士在哪儿？Where's Dr. Chen?啊 耶稣Ah, Jesus.告诉他 你刚对我说的You tell him what you told me.陈博士Dr. Chen在圣佛兰华资医院is at St. Francis Chinese-invested hospital.乖孩子Good boy.听到了么？Did you hear that?那也有可能是你的下场That could be sound of the future.我们为什么要收红巾军那帮蠢货的钱？Sir, Why are we helping these fucking idiots?欢迎来到非洲伙计Welcome to Africa, son.伙计们出发Alrights, let's move out boys!我们得到最新消息From the latest report,战火已经蔓延到桑萨雷姆港口the fighting is reaching Semshalemu harbour.那里等待救援的一千五百三十六名中国同胞的生命The urgency of the evacuating 1536 Chinese nationals wating there变得危在旦夕has just been escalated.撤侨军舰必须全速赶往Our vessels are heading over at top speed.很抱歉 因为是别国交战区My apologies, because the conflict is on foreign soil,你这次的行动没有支援you'll have no reinforcements,没有盟军 也没有武器no allies and no weapons.陈博士 还有四十七名中国同胞Dr. Chen and 47 Chinese workers,都带回来evacuate them all.我老板交代我My boss asked me找陈博士to find Dr. Chen.你们没人有任何反应Nobody wants to do something!现在 那我只能试试运气了Now, I have to try my luck.因为Because我有I have特殊的眼力a special vision.我猜猜…Let me guess...你是陈博士吗？Are you Dr. Chen?- 我不是 我不是  - 你是陈博士吗？- I'm not! I'm not!  - Are you Dr. Chen?- 你是陈博士吗？ - 不不不- Are you Dr. Chen?  - No, no, no.你吓到她了 她还是个孩子She's a child, just a child- 我是  - 不- I am  - No不要No我是陈博士I'm Dr. Chen.你是陈博士？You are Dr. Chen?陈博士怎么没蛋蛋了Looks like Dr. Chen doesn't have balls.你想要什么？What do you want?- 我就是  - Rachel医生 不- I am Dr. Chen.  - Dr. Rachel, no!她不是陈博士She's not Dr. Chen.她是非常好的医生She's a very good doctor.她救过很多人She saved so many lives.天啊 不要No!陈博士Dr. Chen!papaPapa!你刚杀了You just killed陈博士Dr. Chen.- Papa  - 陈博士- Papa!  - Dr. Chen!陈博士是吧？Dr. Chen, right?我是樊大使派来救你们的I was sent by Ambassador Fan to rescue you.这是我的女儿PashaThis is my daughter, Pasha.求你务必保护好她Please, I beg you, protect her.陈博士Dr. Chen!跟我走Come with me!上车Get in the car!向东走Go fast!你想干嘛？What are you doing?你以为我在干嘛？我在救你小命What do you think I'm doing? I'm saving your ass!我来开车Let me drive!让开Move!妈了What the hell!掉头Turn around!快快快Go, go, go!神经Jesus.PashaPasha!你没事吧？Are you okay?你没事吧？Are you okay?你没事吧？Are you okay?你没事吧？Are you okay?你没事吧？Are you okay?没事Yeah.PashaPasha.站住Stop!站住Stop!你们要粮食吗？我们有粮食You want food? We have food.我们有粮食We have food, okay?我们有粮食We have food.你没事吧Are you okay?谢谢Thank you.是隔离区受的伤吗？Is that from quarantine zone?把药箱递给我Pasha, can you please hand me the bag?我说是隔离区受的伤吗？I said, did you get that in the quarantine zone?- 没关系  - 你别觉得我大惊小怪啊- It's nothing.  - I'm not overreacting.没有状况最好In fact, it's better if I was.刚才那些人感染的是拉曼拉病毒Those people back there were infected with the Lamanla virus.感染者很快就会出现发热Symptoms include the sudden onset fever,幻觉 溃烂hallucinations, lesions,虚汗等症状 是一种通过接触传播的非常罕见的烈性病毒cold sweats. It's a fatal virus that's transmitted  through direct human contact.从发病到死亡 最长五个月 最短四个小时Upon contraction, death strikes between four hours and five months.而且到现在 还没有研制出能治愈这种病毒的疫苗Up until now, no cure has been found.没事 我买医保了Don't worry, I'm insured.你杀了中国人You're killing the Chinese?麻烦大了This is a big trouble.你为什么杀中国人？Why are you killing the Chinese?- 头儿…  - 你一直想要得到陈博士- Sir...  - I thought you wanted Dr. Chen.恭喜你 你得到他了Congratulations. You found him.妈的Fuck!我要的是活人I wanted him alive!活人alive!难道你不知道他对我有多重要吗？Don't you understand how important it is to me?妈的Fuck!等等Wait.这个女孩That girl.我喜欢她I like her.头儿 我们欧洲总部刚传来面部识别结果Sir, our facial recognition crew uploaded video of this man fighting off some of the pirates.这人叫冷His name's Leng.曾供职于中国某神秘特种部队Ex-member of a secretive special ops unit pot of China.战狼Wolf Warrior.伙计们Boys!援非医疗小组已被武装分子屠杀The Doctors Without Borders were killed by armed mercenaries.陈博士和其他中方医护人员已经牺牲了The lives of Dr. Cheng and other Chinese medical staff were scarificed.冷锋同志Comrade Leng,你能对你说的话负责吗？do you stand by what are you're saying?你能确认亲眼看见雇佣兵枪杀我国医护人员和侨民吗？Are you certain you witnessed the massacre or our medical team?我确定I'm cetain.在牺牲前 陈博士把他的女儿交给我Dr. Chen give me his daughter before he died.一个黑人小姑娘An African girl.叫Pasha 还有一个女护士Her name is Pasha. Oh, and anurse too.你叫什么？What's your name?Rachel Prescott Smith 你可以叫我RachelRachel Prescott Smith. You can call me Rachel.还有是 Rachel医生 不是护士Doctor Rachel, I'm not a nurse.把所有情况立即向樊大使汇报Report the situation to Ambassador Fan immediately.是Yes sir.首长 我儿子呢？Commander, may I speak to  my son please?干爹 我妈妈在哪？干爹 我妈妈在哪？Godfather, godfather! Where's my mom? Where's my mom?Tundu 相信干爹Hey, Tundu, Tundu! Trust me, Trust your godfather.我现在正在开往汉邦工厂We are going to Hanbond Chinese factoty到那里去接你妈妈 OKto find your mom right now, okay?谢谢干爹Thank you, godfather.冷锋 有一个非常不好的消息通知你Leng, I have some bad news for you.红巾军正在大肆毁坏重要的公路The rebel army is sobotaging all major roads,铁路以及桥梁railways and bridges.就在十分钟以前As of 10 minutes ago,从华资工厂通向码头的波尔尼加桥your only route to the port, the Bowerneja bridge,已被炸断 我和樊大使正在全力想办法was bombed. We are formulating an escape plan now.但现在只能靠你自己了But untill then, you're on your own.从现在开始 我们最多只能等你十八小时Set your watch. The macimum time we can wait is 18 hours.然后军舰就必须返航After that, we'll be forced to leave.非常非常抱歉my deepest apologies.我必须对全体侨民负责I have the responsibility to everyone onboard.明白I understand.你要去华资工厂吗？You're going to the Chinese factory?我认为我们更应该去美国领事馆We should go to the Ameriacn Consulate.那里有海军陆战队 是全世界最安全的地方The US marines are stationed there. That's our safest bet.海军陆战队是世界最好的特种部队You think the US marines are the best in the world?他们怎么没来接你啊？That may be true, but where are they now?我已经通知过他们了I've informed the  consulate of the situation.人呢？Where are they?你通知他们的方式是？Tell me exactly how you informed them?我＠了他们的推特账号I tweeted at them on Twitter.欢迎致电美国领事馆Welcome to American Consulate.很不幸 我们已经闭馆了Unfortunately, we are closed.妈的Fuck!我来的时候各国军舰都已经撤离了All foreign navy ships have left when I arrived.当我站在码头上向海面眺望A I watch them sail away from port.无数远去的桅杆中Among the countless departing masts.我看到一面星条旗I saw one with the stars and stripes.停车Stop the car.停车Stop the car!停车 我要下车 停Stop the car, I want to get out! Stop!RachelRachel.海军陆战队接你来了Your GIs are here to get you.我是中国人I'm Chinese.我来找NessaI'm here for Nessa.Tundu的妈妈Tundu's mom.NessaNessa!有人吗？Anyone home?我是来救你们的I've been sent here to rescue you.是樊大使让我来的By Ambassador Fan himself.你？You?救我们？Rescue us?我这有十八杆 AKI've got 18 AK-47s.三十枚七九式手雷30 M79 grenade launchers,够武装一个加强排了吧？enough to arm a platoon.现在一把M1911抵在你头上I have a M1911 pointed at your head right now.你他妈怎么救我们啊？How the fuck are you supposed  to rescue us?冷 冷 你是不是冷？Leng, Leng! Are you Leng?你是不是冷Are you Leng?- Nessa？ - 是 是- Nessa?  - Yes, yes, yes!- 我儿子怎么样了？ - 他很安全- What about my son?  - He's safe.- 他没事吧？ - 他没事- He's okay?  - He's okay.谢天谢地Oh, thank god!他没事He's okay.妈妈 我没事Mom, mom, I'm ok, I'm ok!- 谢谢老天  - 妈 我没事 你怎么样- Oh, thank god!  - Mom, I'm ok!你在中国军舰上Because you're on a Chinese warship.我早就告诉你不要卖毛片I told you, not to sell that porn.来了 在非洲绝对找不到这么好吃的饺子Here we go.You definitely won't find better dumplings in Africa.这是我从中国带来的大厨I flew in a chef from China.- 亲自给你们做的  - 谢谢- Fresh, just for you.  - Thank you.看什么呢？见过吗？What are you looking at? Seen one before?玩过这枪吗？Ever shot one of these?这狼啊This wolf here,就是我用这枪打的I killed myself with this gun.这地图谁做的？Who drew this map?这是我指导我们家保卫干事老何做的I instructed our head of security, Laohe, how to do it.还有几个地没修改好It still needs some work.老何 来 过来一下Laohe, come here for a second.从A区到D区Sector A to Sector D.这个地我已经说过很多遍了I've told you so many times.为什么没有修改过来Why isn't it done yet?- 马上就改  - 老何- I'll get on it right away.  - Laohe,赶紧拿笔记一下write it down quickly.你还保安队长 这要是实施起来出了问题As our head of security. What if something happens during the operation?怎么办？Then what?男人就该玩这个This is a real man's toy.别怕 从现在开始你的安全Don't be afraid. From now on, your safety- 由我来负责  - 冷 谢谢你- will be my responsibilty.  - Leng, thank you!- 别客气  - 非常感谢- You're welcome.  - Thank you so much!别客气You're welcome.谢谢你Thank you.小宝贝 这个特别好吃Hey, kiddo. It's super yummy试一下try this.- 你这孩子  - 没事 干嘛呢你？- Hey! You brat!  - I'm fine. What's the big deal?人这孩子挺可爱的I think she's kind of cute.好消息Good news.樊大使打来的电话 明天上午七点Ambassador Fan just called. Tomorrow 07:00 AM,联合国一架救援直升机A UN rescue helicopter准时在工厂降落 帮助我们撤离will be landing at this factory to evacuate us.一架？Just one?各位请注意Attention please.所有人Everybody.所有人听我说Everybody listen to me.大家都安静Quiet down everyone.听我说 所有中国人全都站到这一边儿Listen to me. All Chinese employees, stand on this side.我们只带中国人 第一批管理层优先We are only taking Chinese people. Management goes first.我带大家走I will lead the evacuation.明白吗？所有非洲人站在这边Is that clear? All the Africans please stand this side, please.明白了吗？Clear?哈里Harry.- 不 老板  - 拜托- No, boss, no.  - Please.开始动起来Come on, come on.动起来Get moving.还有呢？都往那边去 往那边去Anyone else? Come, move. That side. That side.- 你怎么回事啊？ - 俺老婆她怀孕了- What are you doing?  - She's my wife. She's pregnant你看看Look还有中国人吗？Any more Chinese?还有中国人吗？Any other Chinese?老林 你给我听好了Lin, listen to me.都是我们家员工Everyone here is my employee.我都要带走I'm taking them all with me.怎么带啊？How?别停下来 别停下来Come on, come on! Don't stop, get moving.这边是Get moving. For this side,非洲同胞Fellow African.- 这边是 中国人  - 我老婆嫁给我了- Chinese people, this side.  - She married me.就是中国人 我要把她带走so she's is one of us.走 走Move, move.你…You...没事 你就站那吧 这儿挺好Fine, stay there. There's perfect.来来来 男士们动一动Come on! Come on! Guys, guys please, please move.请站倒那边Stand that side, please.非洲同胞们 拜托Please, African friends.相信我Trust me.来 快一点Come on, hurry uo, get moving.- 你滚开 你滚开  - 别碰我- You want to be on this side, yeah?  - Fuck off, bro!怎么了？What's up?为什么？Why?中间给我让出一条线来Give a line down the middle.我要看清楚一道分界线I want to see a clear boundary line.我要看清楚一道分界线Show me the line, please.一道分界线I brought the helicopter.大家听我的I call the shots.明天大家一起走Everyone leaves tomorrow.妇女儿童上飞机Children and women leave with the chopper.男人跟我走The men will follow me on foot.所有人Everybody.我们一起走We leave together.老师傅 门口那口袋Old timer, the defensive formation out front,您布的吧？that was you, right?你也不错You're not bad yourself.原中国人民解放军 西南军区十四集团军Former People's Liberation Army of China, 14th Corps, South-West region,侦察连连长 何建国Recon Company Commander, He JianGuo.原中国人民解放军 东南军区特种作战旅Former People's Liberation Army, Special Ops Birgade, South-East region,战狼中队 冷锋Wolf Warrior Squadron, Leng Feng.班长好At your service.敬班长Drink in your honor.这些人一小时前An hour ago, these people还不知道能不能活到明天didn't know if they'd live to see tomorrow.- 怎么那么开心啊？ - 这帮黑哥们- Why are they so happy?  - Our African friends,无论什么战争啊it doesn't matter if it's war,瘟疫啊 贫穷啊disease or poverty,你只要给他们一堆火 他们立刻就这样once they're around the bonfire, all their cares go away.非洲啊 吃的好Africa. Great food.景好Nice scenery.姑娘好Hot women.嘿Hey.- 干杯  - 干杯- Cheers.  - Cheers.我不愿意一辈子活在我爸的光环之下I don't want to ride my father's coat tail all my life.你看看这多好啊I love this place!有狮子有鳄鱼Lions, crocodiles,有AK 有狙AK-47s, sniper rifles,有和平地带一辈子都听不到的炮火之声and the melody of gunfire you can't get in a peaceful country.那是这个世界上最美妙的声音That's the most wonderful  sound in the world.你知道今天Pasha为什么咬你吗？Do you want to know why Pasha bit you today?因为他爸爸就是被你喜欢的AK打死的Because her father was killed AK-47s you so adore.如果这个是你If this were you,你还觉得美妙吗？would you still thinl it's wonderful??天呐 你看Oh man, look at this.好大一个晚会That's a big party.我太喜欢了I love these things.瞧他们的样子Look at them.妈的Fuck!PashaPasha!PashaPasha!妈的Shit!放开我Let me go!把那个老兵除掉 雅典娜干掉那个老家伙Take out the veteran. Athena,take out the old man.待在这儿Stay here!放开她Let her go!PashaPasha!我太喜欢他们这个样子了Like ants when you lift a rock.妈的Fuck!救我Help me!我腿受伤了They got my leg!你没事儿You're fine.妈的Shit!走Go!走 走Go! Go!换弹夹I need a reload!走Go!你想干什么？What are you doing, man?妈的Fuck!分头走Let's split up!去 去Go! Go!妈的Damn it.- 来啊  - 快走- Come on!  - Let's go!PashaPasha.Pasha你在哪？Pasha, where are you?滚开 臭婆娘Move out of the way, bitch!快走Run!你已经不是军人了We know you're not a soldier anymore.他妈的还那么拼干嘛？What the fuck are you fighting for?一朝是战狼Once a Wolf Warrior终身是战狼always a Wolf Warrior!大熊先锋Bear, you're on point.雅典娜封住所有出口 这个混蛋我要定了Athena, cover the exit. I want this son of a bitch.C 队发现目标 正在追Team Charlie, spotted target. We are in pursuit.头儿 B 队发现目标在前方Sir, Team Bravo has target 12 o'clock.妈的 这帮蠢货现在让我们撤退What the fuck? Those idiots want us to retreat now?我是奥杜将军This is General Actu所有人马上撤离everyone return to base.马上撤离Return to base.老爹 我他妈命令你立即给我滚回来Big Daddy, I'm ordering you to get the fuck back here now!你他妈的在做什么？Hey! What the fuck are you doing?我他妈的跟你说了多少遍？I told you so many fucking times我们不能杀中国人that we cannot kill the Chinese!中国是常任理事国China is a permanent member of the UN Security Council.我们夺取政权后还要得到中国的承认And I need them on my side if I am to take political power.你他妈个蠢货You fucking asshole!杀掉冷 抓到PashaKill Leng, and find Pasha,你将会是这个国家的主人and you'll be the king of this fucking country遵命 主人As you comment, sir!- 等等  - 冷锋- Hold it!  - Leng Feng!你到底什么人？Who are you?- 刚一起打完仗你干嘛呢？ - 凡哥We just fought a battle together, what's your deal?  - Brither Fan咱们这本来很安全we were pretty safe before he got here.他一来了反叛军就来了Ever wonder why the rebels show up你们不觉得很奇怪吗？after he got here?他是我儿子的朋友He's a friend of my son.他是来接我的He came here for me.- 你之前见过他吗？ - 我孩子天天都提起他- Have you met him before?  - My son always talks about him.那又怎样？So?我相信他 他今天上午在医院就救过我和PashaI trust him! He rescued Pasha and me earlier today at the hospital之后他也一直在保护我们He's been protecting us ever since.如果我没理解错的话Let me get this straight.你见他的时候正是你的朋友陈博士死的时候You met him the same time your doctor friend died?他一出现就开始死人 而他自己却什么事都没有People are getting killed around him, while he's unscathed.朋友 你自己说说吧？Friend, speak for yourself.别拦着我get off me!- 拉曼拉  - 拉曼拉？- Lamanla (Virus).  - Lamanla?他得了拉曼拉He has Lamanla!老林 他是我朋友Lin! He's my friend.他刚才救了我的命He just saved my life.他 他们怎么办？What about them?他们怎么办 上个月What about them? Last month,十公里之外的通讯中心The comms center10 km away,一个人得了拉曼拉 最后全厂都他妈死绝了one person got Lamanla. In the end, the whole place was wiped out.这可是整厂人的性命啊Everyone's life is at stake here.我说的这些话并不是我一个人的意思look , it is not just my opinion.不信你可以问他们Ask them yourself.我走I'll leave.等等Wait.你们知道所有得了拉曼拉病毒的人都会很快死去You all know what will happen to someone infected with Lamanla.我希望你们永远记得I hope you'll always remember这将死的人救了你们所有人this dying man saved all of you.你真可耻Shame on you!你们所有人都可耻Shame on all of you!冷锋Leng Feng!冷锋Leng Feng!冷锋Leng Feng!- 你开枪有多大把握  - 百分之五十- How confident are you with a gun?  - So-50%在我这儿没有那百分之五十There's no place in my team for so-50%.您是想让我酒后吐真言呐Trying to get me drunk so I blurt out the truth?你会吐真言吗？Will you blurt out the truth?会Certainly.你喝醉了啥样？What are you like when you're drunk?我等你回来请我喝酒I'll let you buy me drinks when you come back.你没回来You're the one who didn't come back.你回来Come back to bed.别闹Cut it out.希望我回来的时候When I get back你能在这个文件上签字this had better be signed.冲上去被打死很容易It's an easy death when you're on the attack.难的是背负着内疚和使命感继续活下去but it's a hard life carrying a survivor's guilt.是你没回来But you didn't come back.你没回来It's you who didn't come back.你没回来You didn't come back.到底是谁？Against who?昨天跟我们交的手Who were we fighting yesterday?你妈妈没告诉你？Didn't your mom tell you that小孩子不要玩枪吗？you shouldn't play with a gun?冷Leng!就是冷 就是他一个人That was Leng, only him alone.是我It was me!我在这工作之前是个军人I was in the military before I worked here.你看看其他人Does anyone here像会开枪射击的样子吗？look like they can shoot?好啊Okay.你醒了You're up.可惜陈博士没有看到这一幕It's a shame Dr. Chen didn't live to see this.他是全世界唯一发现自愈活体的专家He discovered the presence of self-healing properties in humans.陈博士发现有极少数人体内有抵抗拉曼拉的抗体In extreme rare cases, Lamanla antibodies can be found in patients.在他无数次和拉曼拉患者的治疗过程中Among the thousands of Lamanla patients he treated他偶然发现了一个自愈活体的实例He chanced upon one such person而这个自愈活体就是PashaAnd that person is Pasha.她不是陈博士的女儿 是他的病人So Pasha's not his daughter, but his patient.陈博士通过对Pasha血液成分的分析和萃取From the analysis of Pasha's blood刚刚研制出一种新药he created an experimental vaccine.昨天晚上因为情况紧急Last night was a dire situation,我只能在你身上做了一个陈博士曾经设想so I experimented on you, what Dr. Chen was planning to do.但是还没来得及做的活体实验The first human trial that he was hoping for我把陈博士的新药注射到了你的身上Injecting you with Dr. Chen's newly synthesized vaccine immunogens说实话Honestly speaking,那个时候我真不知道会发生什么I didn't know what would happen.幸运的是Luckily上帝站在我们这边God was on your side.这个国家人民看到政府对病毒的无能为力极度失望The population has lost faith in the government to contain the outbreak.所以 谁得到PashaSo, whoever takes Pasha谁就能轻易的掌控这个国家takes the country easily.怪不得反政府军一直往追杀我们That explains why the rebel army is hot on our heels.我爸爸说十万年前人类走出非洲My dad said man walked out of Africa 100.000 years ago.非洲是现代文明的摇篮Africa is the cradle of modern civilization.可是当自诩文明的人们再次来到非洲Yet when the "evolved, civilized" humans returned to this land,带来的却是苦难they brought along with them nothing but suffering,奴役 疾病和战争slavery, disease and war.韩国人 冰岛人 斯拉夫人Koreans, Icelanders, Slavs,美国人Americans那些是中国人 他们都是来自世界各地的and over there are Chinese. People from all over the world,像我爸爸一样的人people like my father.为了非洲For Africa他们付出了自己的青春they gave their best years.到最后In the end,把自己永远地留在这片土地they got to remain here for eternity.她叫什么名字What's her name?嗯？Huh?那个你忘不了的人The person you can't seem to forget.龙小云Long XiaoYun.她好幸运She's lucky有一个这么爱她的男人to have a man that loves her so much.她为什么没有回来呢？Why didn't she come back?对不起Sorry.把他们当作饺子给我包起来 让他们以为是安全的 明白吗？I want you to round 'em up like cattle. Make 'em feel safe. You understand me?收到Yes, sir.东边是山区We got mountains to the west,西边是雨林 如果他够聪明 就会来这等直升机we got forests to the east. The only smart place for them to come is right here and wait for the rescue helicopter.中国佬 你可别死I sure hope these Chinese people don't die.能救你的只有我了I'm about the only thing that can save them right now.全体集合Round 'em up.所有人准备出发 出发 出发 出发 出发Everybody, let's go! Let's go! Move, move, move!等我他妈出去了Wait till I get out of here,我他妈绝对不会放过这帮孙子I'm going to settle the score with them.凡哥Brother Fan,别他妈吹牛逼了cut the fucking bullshit.怎么出去啊？How are we going to get out?再说了 您出去能干什么呀？And besides, what are you planning to do?您会什么呀？What can you even do?凡哥Brother Fan,平时我们都让着你in normal times, everyone gives in to you.打起仗来 没人会让着我们In battle, no one will be giving in to us.给我闭嘴Shut the fuck up!去死吧Go to hell!撑得住吗？Brother, how are you holding up?比以前差远了Not as well as back in the day.你的手是用来救人的 不是用来杀人的Your hands are for saving lives not taking lives.这种仗战狼会怎么打How would Wolf Warriors fight this battle?走Go!走Go!你妈妈没告诉你小孩子不要玩枪吗？Didn't your mom tell you not to play with weap?你妈没告诉你别欺负熊孩子吗？Didn't your mom tell you not to fuck with spoiled brats?走啦Let's go!这就是雇拥军与反叛军屠杀我国侨民的证据Here's evidence of the rebel  army killing our citizens.收到 我们马上把资料汇总Transmission received. We will gather up all the information,让樊大使尽快递交联合国and have Ambassador Fan submit it to the UN.明白Copy that.另外 当地政府已经向我国正式请求军事援助oh and one more thing. The local government has critically requested for our military assistance直升机马上就到The chopper will arrive shortly- 我们等你回家  - 好- We're waiting for you.  - Copy that!- 你赶紧上飞机  - 还有很多人需要我帮助- Get on the chopper  - There're a lot of people here who still need me.林志雄Lin Zhi Xiong!- 女人孩子都得上飞机  - 在这里我不是女人我是医生- Women and childern must get on the chopper.  - Right now I'm not a woman. I'm a doctor论救援 我比你专业The more professional than you when it comes to saving lives.论保护人我比你专业But I'm more professional than you in protecting lives!Pasha 你准备好坐直升机了吗？Pasha, are you ready to get on the helicopter?递一些纱布给我Can you pass me some gauze please?快上直升机Get on the helicopter.你别给我添乱 好不好？Don't be difficult, okay?- 让一下？ - 让什么让- Excuse me?  - Excuse you my ass!发生什么事了Whoa, what was that?求救 求救Mayday! Mayday!我们被袭击 失去尾旋翼Missile strike! Tail rotor lost!我还能控制 硬着陆I have control. Going down!求救 求救Mayday! Mayday!准备迫降Brace! Brace!- 走 走  - 走- Go! Go!  - Go!快跑Run!老库房To the bunker!快Hurry!RachelRachel!醒醒Wake up!醒醒Come on! Come on!RachelRachel!去找老何Go find LaoHe!起身 快点Get up! Come on!妈的Fuck!快进老库房Get to the bunker!走 快 走Go! Quickly! Go!走 快Go! Quickly!准备Get ready!开炮Fire!把那个家伙干掉Kill that motherfucker!装弹Reload!我瞄不到I can't aim.- 这么重  - 找死啊- This thing's so heavy!  - You wanna die!?引信一碰 都得死Trigger that fuse and it'll kill us all!开炮Fire!哦 好极了Oh, check it.下三杠Three clicks down.发炮Fire!他们找到老库房了They found the bunker!目标 左摇I got it! I got it! To the left.- 收到  - 装弹- Copy that.  - Reload!没弹了We're out!抓稳了Hang on!开炮Fire!狗娘养的Son of a bitch!妈的 坦克启动Fuck! Move this fucking thing.快点Come on! Come on!好Good, good, good.妈的Fuck!看来中国人没有我想的那么懦弱I guess the Chinese military ain't as lame as I thought.你少废话Cut the crap.走Go!走Go!快走Hurry!不要出来Don't come out!立即搜索信号 确定目标位置Track the signals and verify targets positions!干爹Godfather!妈妈Mom!- 报告 手机位置锁定  - 报告 目标锁定- Sir, we have triangulated on the phone's position!  - Sir, targets locked on!- 报告 我们得到上级命令  - 开火- Sir, we recieved orders from COMMAND!  - Fire!现在是私人账Now it's personal.龙小云Long XiaoYun.那是你女人Is that your girl?长得很漂亮She's pretty.血债… 血偿Blood... for blood.别打了Please don't fight!你看她们Look at them.没错 你将会为这些人而死You're gonna die for this people.我就是为他们而生的I was born for them.这个世界只有强者和弱者 你们这种劣等民族永远属于弱者People like you will always be inferior to people like me你要习惯 你必须习惯Get used to it. Get fucking used to it.那他妈是以前That's fucking history.你醒了Welcome back.前方是交战区 我们过不去了The war zone is up ahead. We can't get through.三点方向有不明车队UNidentified vehicle convoy at three o'clock.哥Brother,把国旗给我pass me the flag.开车Drive.是中国人 停止射击It's the Chinese. Hold your fire.停止射击 是中国人Hold your fire! It's Chinese.冷锋Leng Feng.- 首长好  - 小日子过的挺美的呀- Commander!  - I see you're enjoying your life.不想回战狼了吧？Not planning on rejoining the Wolf Warriors?离开这里最早的航班Sir, the earliest flight out of here,是下星期二 十四点十五分 星期五上午九点departs next Tuesday at 14:15 by Friday 09:00.我准时向您报道I will report for duty sir!有件事我必须告诉你There's something I need to tell you...