奥伊斯特贝 位于纽约长岛 多豪宅Reichstag 德国国会大厦Jawohl:德语希姆莱：德国纳粹党秘密警察头子第三帝国：即纳粹德国das:德语Danke：德语背景音乐 ♫ I Enjoy Being A Girl演员 编剧 导演 电视剧《法网》中的警官美国著名七姐妹学院之一 现已并入哈佛数学系形容沉默寡言的人算命指卡地亚等四个知名钻戒品牌背景音乐 ♫ Hey There著名演员 扮演沉默寡言却热心肠的英雄人物尼科尔斯和梅 美国著名的喜剧二人组背景音乐 ♫ Our Lips Are Sealed好 好那个人离我而去这辈子最令我心痛的不是我的丈夫 我孩子的父亲离开了我而是没能正式和曼尼福德 麦克莱恩约会没错 那就是他的真名他相当了不起他是我高中足球队的队长天生的领袖下巴尖得你可以拿去刺你的妹妹他是那么英俊潇洒我妈多年来都在教导我你的美德就是一座花园 勤加浇灌但要在栅栏后面后来我带他回家吃晚饭 我妈就看了他一眼然后突然跟我说 你知道吗栅栏也不怎么高跳过去吧来 踩着我的手 我助你一臂之力我们差点一起参加毕业舞会- 哇 - 以朋友的身份 但也很不错了然后他的前女友 撒旦 从罗德岛搬回来了他们破镜重圆 结婚了有了四个孩子 还在奥伊斯特贝买了- 一所海滨豪宅 - 天啊是的 然后嘿 还有洋葱酱吗嘘抱歉还有洋葱酱吗请继续吧总之 有一天我看报纸头版的大标题上写着华尔街金童 曼尼福德 麦克莱恩被捕 车后备箱中发现其妻头颅的确如此曼尼福德谋杀了他的妻子被捕前带着她的头开车在外转了一个小时 我简直不敢相信一定是别人和他重名了但那的确就是他 上了报纸 戴着手铐被押向警局然后我就想 天啊他看上去依旧迷人我说真的比高中时候还要帅 我知道我的第一想法本应是 活该但我想的却是 怎么说 他单身 我也单身如果他能躲过一劫好了 我应该闭嘴了哈里特的哥哥该给我们弹点音乐了汤米 换你了谢谢大家谢谢洋葱酱- 别了 爱人 - 好薇薇安 杯子要不够用了谢谢你指出这么明显的问题 弗雷德里克保持警惕我想我爱上弗雷德里克了弗雷德里克 他正和化妆品部的莱蒂谈恋爱莱蒂几天前把他甩了我听说他爱上了后勤部的卡罗尔- 她是谁 - 是他真有古希腊遗风传这种谣言影响可不好这些越来越沉了放台子上吧下次用塑料杯子吧你出钱我就用给我吧 你是被熊养大的吗谢谢你 玛丽杯子来了- 你好 空虚 - 小心看着点注意保持平衡 伙计们很好我太不该兴了你好小姐 请帮帮我 我迷路了- 我在找国会大厦 - 国会大厦你没听说过这座著名的德国建筑吗华丽 高大 没有电梯那些台阶够你爬断腿 哈哈你看起来很面熟- 我认识你吗 - 不 不我长得比较大众你叫什么名字我的名字 呃 是 艾 洛夫那是名字“好的” 是这个- 不常见 - 艾 洛夫你姓什么希特勒 伯格好吧我必须告诉你 艾 洛夫 希特勒伯格先生你离国会大厦还远着呢那个贱人希姆莱在我毫无准备的情况下就把我派来了我是不是说了 希姆莱我的意思是 希姆莱斯坦他是怎么跟你说的他说要左转 然后再左转- 然后就到了第三帝国 - 好吧他就是那么说的 第三帝国- 好的 - 很高兴你也同意好吧你离你的祖国有十万八千里远真的吗另外 你蹦出的德语单词真是令人难忘- “谢谢” - 你现在在纽约市纽约市 有意思你能推荐几个吃快餐的地方吗我感觉有点饿拐角有一家非常好吃的熟食店我不爱吃熟食那你喜欢吃什么要最法西斯的 最快的今天真是糟糕披萨到了 赶紧交钱我其实不是艾 洛夫 希特勒伯格你骗到我了我是兰道尔 薇薇安第五个最喜欢的表哥米琪 薇薇安第三十四个最好的朋友我的什么没什么- 他是喜剧演员 - 你是吗- 我是什么 - 喜剧演员你不会没看出来吧- 不 你很歇斯底里- 我接受你的同情是的 我干这行有一段日子了 几乎就靠它吃饭找了经纪人 有了经理 到处巡演 上过电视事实上 我得走了我半小时后在市区还有演出糟糕的时段 但是- 你试过用牛腩吗 - 牛腩私人笑话再见我不在的时候不准这么有趣你不能和兰道尔在一起 我爱上他了他是你表哥 薇薇安远房表哥我们去聊聊吧 亲爱的嘿 杰克 韦布 我看上去像是会买你店里东西的人吗去跟着那些给情人买东西的男人吧那肯定更有意思我个人很喜欢这个不过这个就有点夸张了喜欢哪一个就告诉我我不知道我之前很少化妆的这是我女儿的主意蓝色很适合你我不知道- 刚才那支是什么来着 - 人鱼蓝想试试吗- 我不知道 - 来我女儿说我应该多试几种她说我应该在结束之前多享受生活在什么结束之前我的生命 她说我的人生就是一场失败我什么都不爱参与 所以我丈夫不爱跟我说话自从去了拉德克里夫学院 我女儿就变得心直口快了好了你觉得怎么样我不知道你好 请问那是人鱼蓝吗抱歉 我很着急 我男人要到家了而我的人鱼蓝眼影用完了如果他回到家发现我没涂上它那就真是完了- 真的吗 - 这还用问他之前一刻时间都不肯给我更不要说 呃 一整个白天的时间了然后我就来了这里- 还记得我来的时候吗 - 当然你来这里 我们谈到了我告诉你我的人生一团糟 你卖给了我人鱼蓝现在我重焕生机了我是说 我快破产了 因为这东西价格不菲但说真的 它值得- 我的天啊 - 是啊如果它对你管用的话- 我要两支 - 太好了你不会失望的玛格 能帮我接待一下温特斯太太吗我要接待我的回头客您好 我来帮助您哇 哇 哇叫我终结者好了看见你我有点惊讶有日子没见了 而且上次我们说了那些话所以 你感到抱歉了吗- 是的 - 很好那这事儿就翻篇儿了所以 这儿现在是你消遣的地方吗嗯 你知道我从来都不喜欢寄人篱下一无是处我知道这份工作不错 姑娘们都很友好员工休息室有一台自动售货机坏掉了 所以如果你敲一下 就会有免费的糖果- 你过得还不错 - 抱歉打扰下米琪 我父母让我帮他们筹办星期五的二十五周年纪念日- 星期五 时间这么仓促 - 我知道我完全不知道他们那个年纪的人聚会都做什么我妈妈一直在说什么canapés那是一种老年舞蹈吗是一种开胃菜你总是无所不知 能给点建议吗请人帮忙- 准备椅子 很多椅子 - 对- 老年人需要坐着 - 邀请一些你的朋友给你一些精神支持谁会愿意去做这样的事情- 我可以啊 - 你会吗我的天 我爱死你了我爱她哈- 预定到一个演出 - 抱歉 你什么意思就是我最近在做的事情而已我最近一直在参加聚会- 所以呢 - 我去参加聚会然后侃侃而谈- 而不是 - 人们喜欢听我谈天说地到目前为止 我都是去年轻人的聚会 像薇薇那种年纪的我还没去参加过老年人聚会呢所以这是一个绝佳的机会我得调整下我的一些笑料的尺度但你必须得能够读懂观众 对吧你们的那个糖果售卖机里有麻醉药卖吗我解释不清楚 我你来了就懂了 星期五- 我去不了 我有别的安排 - 什么安排就是不要参加无聊得要死的老年人聚会来吧 看一看 你就会明白 会理解的我会打电话告诉你地址穿的 干净整洁点好了 所有人时间到了把试卷放我桌上如果你有写上正确答案的话否则就不用交了- 亚伯 - 你好 欧文- 怎么了 - 我想给你介绍下查尔斯 康奈利贝尔实验室的招聘主管贝尔实验室你有时间聊几句吗当然我们称之为回声项目 亚伯卫星技术的量子飞跃这会带来巨大的商业影响更不用说它的防御能力了这会彻底改变通信行业贝尔实验室引领着整个行业亚伯 我们在组织最优秀 最聪明的人才来帮助我们实现这一目标- 我能打断下吗 - 当然我不想参与制造人造卫星恐慌这事就有那种味道没有恐慌 亚伯我们这么做是正确的我们从不草率地搞研发你的同事 比尔 切尔尼克比尔和亚伯已经认识很久了比尔 切尔尼克是个优秀的人才他已经和我们商谈了有段时间了去问问他 你会听到让你满意的答案的这也行不通啊我的课程安排很满我们可以协调 减轻你的工作量不 我不愿意这样我们会按照你的日程表安排现如今迫切需要像您这样的应用型数学家我们需要你我说过他很难邀请所以我们更想邀请你加入在安全调查期间贝尔实验室随时等候您的佳音我得回家了我和你一起走请仔细考虑下慢慢来 随时打电话问任何问题- 我应该不会有什么问题 - 随时打电话我会再向你抛出橄榄枝谢谢你的时间星期一见 亚伯我们要出去吃饭亚伯罗斯 罗斯 快过来我们出去吃饭红宝石餐厅 乐阁餐厅 随便哪家亚伯 慢点说 我们为什么要出去吃贝尔实验室 罗斯我收到了贝尔实验室的工作邀请- 什么 - 贝尔实验室落户这里了我的天 亚伯你应该看看我如何应对那个招聘主管我装得很冷静我就像这样点了点头好像又在摇头很认真 又半信半疑你看起来十分的可疑他恨不得我马上点头同意这是一个规模很大的联盟 罗斯这是发明的温床你们都喜欢的电视机- 要感谢贝尔实验室的研发的晶体管 - 不会吧外公 我正看着呢巴丁 布拉顿和肖克利因为这个获得了诺贝尔奖现在我将加入他们的行列中去我们去哪儿吃晚餐什么晚餐我们要出去 全家人打电话给诺亚和阿斯特丽德他收到了贝尔实验室的工作邀请哇 爸爸 祝贺你非常感谢你一直都痴迷于贝尔实验室大概有20年了吧我才没有痴迷他们我的整个童年 都是贝尔实验室这个 贝尔实验室那个说什么 我的天 我愿意放弃熏牛肉只要能在贝尔实验室工作我可能有这么说过有一年 我们还去参观了贝尔实验大楼 就在外面看了看- 因为不让我们进去 - 你们几个孩子在人行道上玩耍 而你爸爸跳来跳去- 想从窗户偷看一看 - 是的好像有那么一两次吧那是我的上衣吗- 是的 感觉不太合适 - 为了什么好吧 我在说很重要的事情你们居然在谈论衣服我得去换衣服了 祝贺你 爸爸我经常得到贝尔实验室的工作吗居然没人愿意和我一起庆祝亚伯 亲爱的 我们会找个完美的晚上给你庆祝和诺亚还有阿斯特丽德吗他们会来的我是说 这可是贝尔实验室啊我们 我们都很为你感到骄傲妈妈 你的绿裙子在哪儿在洗衣店糟糕我从来不确定我适合桃色吗我确定给你迪奥的太完美了所以你要去参加另一个聚会这周第四次了 对吗这周四次 上周三次当然 这意味着他们已经看遍了我衣橱里的衣服只能换你的了这些朋友是你和乔尔的吗不是 新朋友一起工作的女孩子们你觉得怎么样可爱 低调- 低调 - 嗯- 换一件 - 你不想要保持低调我需要脱颖而出你一直都很耀眼我需要以一种非常具体的方式表现出来那你可以一丝不挂那倒会吸引一些注意我难道不知道吗跟我说说别等我死了跟我说说 这些聚会上有男人吗又不是修女聚会 妈妈你知道 一个女孩独自在聚会上- 只传达出一个信息 - 什么- 我是猎物 来追我吧 - 很好- 米里亚姆 - 说真的我正好在想一句口头禅 就这个了你应该等等再去参加这些聚会太快了我要搭上手套这样看起来更漂亮- 米里亚姆 - 谢谢你的裙子 妈妈- 你在这儿干什么 - 我干什么你邀请我来参加这个愚蠢的聚会不是 我意思你在电梯里干嘛你不是要离开 对吧不是 我为了等你 骑着这匹金色的伊卡洛斯马上上下下快一个小时了你得有点时间观念 小姐出租车太少了那你还在等我邀请你吗赶紧进来啊我已经对这栋楼了如指掌了六楼的老家伙患了癌症太可怕了我鼓励了他联系他女儿自从她离婚后就一直住在外面她现在来了 给他做饭这很好你听到了吗四楼的那对夫妻 他们已经吵了整整半个小时他捏了一个姑娘的屁股 她看见了可能是那个癌症患者的女儿我希望她没有鼓励这种行为顺便说下 你看起来不错谢谢- 干净的衬衣吗 - 看你怎么定义干净好吧 这是我参加过最糟糕的聚会了我们才刚走进门我们去吃点热狗或者别的什么吧不 不 不 别走- 米琪 嗨 - 嗨 玛丽这是我朋友 苏西 苏西 这是玛丽嗨 苏西 进去吧 见见其他人我想我懂了等会儿里面见 玛丽很高兴见到你- 真够烦人的 - 你才烦人来吧 既来之则安之为什么会有心智正常的人参加聚会和买巧克力球和啤酒在高峰时间乘坐地铁 都他妈是一个道理抱歉 我就是搞不懂米琪 我感觉我陷入爱河了- 又来了 - 过来看看他 告诉我 我是不是疯了他是我爸爸的老板70岁了耳聋还是已婚 但别那么保守那是我的信号等一下等一下我懂了 我懂了玛丽 我懂了哇 你们的银婚纪念日你丈夫看起来很开心也许我们需要一个更好的奖励让男人们能关心他们的银婚纪念日因为男人真正关心什么银婚纪念日呢也许是洋基队25周年纪念门票是啊是的 然后是50周年纪念日门票我们需要真正的好东西也许是另一个女人的乳房纪念日我 个人来讲 我一直不擅长送礼物也许是因为我从来都不庆祝圣诞节因为我过光明节完全不同的方式庆祝过圣诞节 非犹太人会获得一辆自行车作为父母爱孩子的证据过光明节 我们会得到袜子以提醒我们曾被迫害过嘿 你看起来很开心心满意足顺便说下我吃了所有的蛤蜊瞧 聚会也没那么糟我正在想一个好办法在我的帽子里藏一只龙虾- 所以你有没有看我的秀 - 你的什么就刚刚 你听到我逗他们的笑声了吗是的 我听到笑声了很有趣 对吧你就是个有趣的女人你能把芦笋递给我吗我几周前想出来这个光明节的梗但之后我还磨了好多遍是啊 很不错的磨练亲爱的 亲爱的 快过来好的 亲爱的到窗户这边来你肯定想看这个- 嘘 - 我要看什么什么都没有 傻瓜 窗帘拉着我真是无药可救让我们拉开窗帘这儿 看又是街对面的邻居妻子刚回家她脱掉大衣她丈夫过来说你好- 然后呢 - 噢你看见了吗他狠狠地摔了一跤他到底是怎么摔倒的不管为什么 他捡起了一个东西看起来像是毛巾 不是 是只猫- 他被一只猫绊倒了 - 他很生气猫还是男人他们两个都很激动你是犹太人 我以前都不知道20年的婚姻生活 我们仍需要继续- 了解彼此 - 我喜欢这样的我们他和猫一番搏斗- 猫抓掉了他的假发 - 猫帮了他大忙他把猫扔出了窗外我的天这辆车必须有一个漂亮的车库和一个豪华的大房子陪衬但我没料到你这个月会拿到钱他不在乎我在哪儿弄来的我告诉过你拿出来然后丢掉可怜的弗吉尼亚皮特从来不听她说 看看他现在惹得麻烦男人只听信男的 还有调酒师她真的认为生气会有用吗为什么这些编剧不给她一个男朋友 或者一把枪- 我的天 今天这是怎么了 - 抱歉我只是有点消沉- 一切都四分五裂了 - 坚持住减肥最好的方法是什么- 商业广告 - 是胡吃海喝 还是饿死自己一个半空的好了米里亚姆都不戴她的结婚戒指了我们需要玻璃球乔尔搬去和他的女朋友住了- 那个秘书 - 破坏别人家庭的小三就像来自黑夜边缘的莎夏阴魂不散她什么都不是 我知道不会长久如果秘书消失的话乔尔就会回家你想让她消失吗我有表亲 他们干这行的- 你说什么 - 没什么我看看玻璃球我看见一个陌生男人走向了米里亚姆我的天 不但他很快又过去了 是的 他不见了- 感觉好点了吗 - 没关系会有另一个男人和另一个和另一个 她周旋其中每天晚上她都打扮的漂漂亮亮去参加聚会就像是她放弃了乔尔 正在寻找丈夫她不明白离婚是很可怕的 是的但是进入第二段婚姻- 更糟 - 特别糟糕再婚会被说成失败至少离婚听起来好点儿最好是如果乔尔死了 她成了寡妇至少还有尊严你想让乔尔死吗再说遍 我有表亲- 我不明白 - 好吧 我放弃我看到了米里亚姆脚下有一条路她会好起来的 我保证告诉你 我会做奎宁水放进她的汤里 会帮助她留住好运- 谢谢你 迪娜 - 你还是忧心忡忡我有好办法让你分心嘘 嘘我肯定你会喜欢这种颜色 玛拉塞克夫人 下次再见你给我这样的肤色推荐什么颜色呢 小姐苍白色 我建议斯巴克- 再加上一把油灰刀 - 还是算了吧- 那你来这儿干什么 - 我有一个提议（求婚）祝你好运戒指在三楼- 记住四个C - 一个事业提议但不能在这儿说你今天晚点有时间吗我还有一小时下班我们能在熟食店碰面吗 - 当然很好给我指下顺手牵羊部门在哪儿二楼 南边服务周到你好米琪 这是空手道教练 卢 福格尔曼我是兰德尔的经纪人他和威廉 莫里斯一起 所以看起来眼熟我有点印象米琪 麦瑟尔我听说你很了不起我开始喜欢你了我们坐下说吧我的客户跟我说 他要和你一起吃饭我就在附近希望你不要介意我过来熟食店是面向所有人营业的他大有前途 这个- 只是不适合娱乐圈 - 你能闭嘴吗- 你把我们都惹怒了 - 我在可爱地自嘲新简历上这么说- 你让我写的 - 无论如何 他提到了你们最近成立组合的事情这让我很感兴趣- 组合 - 只是在派对上仅供娱乐 不过你有没有想过更专业的合作- 我不明白 - 有时候一位迷人而风趣的男士搂着一个可爱又傻乎乎的婆娘 这样的组合可是卖点满满- 我就是那个傻乎乎的婆娘 - 好吧我来当那个傻乎乎的 你来扮演风趣迷人的角色很好那么你是想 和我同台演出像我们这样的二人组总是倍受商家欢迎的不管是商业广告 无线广播 还是工业股票以及各种公司活动 你可以讲笑话在表演时不停地提到他们的产品你很漂亮你可以凭这些大赚一笔- 真的吗 - 我们会大红大紫的谁知道呢 我们也许会成为下一个尼克尔斯和梅- 你不知道尼克尔斯与梅吗 - 我应该知道吗下次他们来镇上演出的时候 你应该去一趟- 我们要去一趟 - 说起来你们两个先聊 我有事先走了这顿饭我请 控制在一千块以内哟和您共餐 荣幸之至我会把十分之一的汤团打包寄给你 卢那我欣然接受他会付账的好极了下次我们改在萨克斯的鞋店见面好了我他妈才不管你的招牌上写什么- 这是经理的决定 - 你那群混账朋友来待在我部门里 指手画脚他们不会指手画脚 他们只是经理的客人那就请他们去别的部门待着可是只有一个部门 就是你的那个啊我他妈不干了 苏西那我会心碎的- 你好 煤油灯 - 嗨 我是米琪我留了一堆消息 让杰基给你- 他给你了吗 - 等下杰基 你那有没有米琪留给我的什么消息- 大概有吧 - 混蛋 - 混蛋你不要老是插入话题 无缘无故骂我混蛋总要有个理由吧你在呼吸 这就是理由你俩不如离婚算了说真的你留了什么消息我只是联系一下你你那天晚上走得很早- 哦 那天没有黄油了 - 黄油 好吧我们应该过两天- 再见一面 好吗 - 好的对了 你和那个人进展如何- 什么人 你是说兰道尔 - 应该是吧我们在派对上共同表演- 大受欢迎 - 什么 他自认为- 很风趣或者怎样吗 - 他确实很风趣- 你在开玩笑吧 - 没有 他是个专业的喜剧演员他甚至在考虑我们去为工业企业表演- 工业企业 - 没错怎么 你要在展台上面转来转去地推销别克汽车吗那又怎么了 别克车很不错啊米里亚姆 他在用花言巧语哄骗你他不过是为了和你上床他不是为了和我上床- 他只是想上你 - 他是想让我跟他合作他说我们会像尼克尔斯和梅那样尼克尔斯和梅又没有发生关系他们就是发生关系了- 他没这么说 - 我有一次经过的时候他们正在浴室里 他们做爱都很滑稽你现在太粗鲁无礼了兰道尔是很正派的人我见过他的经纪人 还有关于他的所有- 你 你见过他的经纪人了 - 在熟食店见的叫卢什么来着 威廉 莫里斯认识他他是个不错的人 还请我们吃午餐苏西 马桶又坏了你大概会想让经理去管理一下你是故意的好吧 我有事 挂了祝你推销别克成功我找不到我的袖扣了你检查过袖口了么 爸爸那是我的金伯尔袖扣 我每天都戴着它- 我需要我的芬奇利袖扣 - 亚伯 没有它们你- 还是一样帅气 - 那是芬奇利夜色版我去看下孩子们房间里有没有孩子们没拿你的芬奇利袖扣我本来有袖扣 你孩子住进来以后我就找不到了结论很显然大家好 是我 阿斯特丽德- 快进来 - 嗨你好啊诺亚呢阿斯特丽德 下次你能不能在我- 停好车之后再下去 - 抱歉- 我们说过这个了 - 我控制不住我从以色列带了礼物回来伊斯和伊森呢 我的小宝贝们呢他们已经被送到保姆那里了不要别担心 保姆马上要带他们回来了- 没找到我的袖扣 - 噢 你看起来英俊潇洒 亚伯我现在还不如裸奔那我们喜闻乐见爸 我从一个朋友那拿到了贝尔实验室的图表 有大量的信息和说明现在就开始研究它竟然对妈妈视而不见抱歉 妈 见到你很开心米琪 见到你也很开心你对我可有可无阿斯特丽德 我要是拿这么多东西早就累了- 快放下吧 - 因为你们的房子太漂亮了 而且我知道你喜欢所有东西井井有条 也许诺亚可以把这些东西先放回车子里 等孩子们回来再拿 或者- 给我吧 - 谢谢那个袋子里是什么鱼饼冻- 我就知道是这个 - 我试了一种新配方罗斯 你会很开心的 因为里面没有洋葱开心不足以表达我的心情- 我来吧 夫人 - 谢谢 塞尔达- 你知道放到哪里吧 - 是的 我知道给 这是给你的老实说 阿斯特丽德 你不必每次去以色列都给我们带礼物- 我 - 这是你第几次去了第六 还是第七次第十一次那片圣洁的土地 我总也逛不够好漂亮的门柱圣卷我从来没见过那么大的它看起来好像吃掉了其他所有的同类一样大的不好吗- 没 - 我可以把它带回去- 带回以色列 - 罗斯 贝尔实验室有两个自助餐厅两个烹饪风格完全不同我可以选一家 我要去选一家我最好去让他们冷静一下不然他们就对晚饭失去兴致了我也给你带了礼物又是一个大圣卷吗这真是个糟糕的礼物- 阿斯特丽德 不是的 - 不 罗斯得到了一个门柱圣卷你也有一个 这又不是鞋子又不能每个季节都换是不能 不过如果我们搬到一个很大的房子里我只是希望罗斯喜欢我她很喜欢你 她爱你 阿斯特丽德- 我让她很紧张 - 呼吸都能让她紧张起来我以为和你们信仰同一个宗教能好一点我知道对你们家来说 接纳一个外人很不容易你不是外人我听到一些关于我们婚礼的闲言碎语- 没人闲言碎语 - 诺亚娶的那个非犹太姑娘- 是怎么回事 - 格蒂姑妈也是我是个外人 而且我还不孕阿斯特丽德 你还年轻不 不年轻了 我已经30岁了我们明天又要去看妇科医生了他是利用子宫帽授精方面的专家所有人戴帽子都很好看我都不敢去了我是说 如果这次还是没有用呢你和乔尔是怎么有孩子的呃 做爱好吧 看来大部分人都是通过那种方式- 亲爱的 - 我们努力了七年 我是说如果他抛弃我怎么办诺亚不会抛弃你的你各方面都那么完美 可是你丈夫还是抛弃你了诺亚爱你我知道你觉得他太完美了但我是他姐姐 我可以跟你讲实话他就是个碰巧走运娶对了人的呆子- 不 - 我是认真的 你把他从实验室里孤独寂寞的生活中解救出来所以他哪也不会去的 好吗- 米里亚姆 阿斯特丽德 我们该走了 - 好吧好吧已经读到八年级了柏黛丝基小姐承受着数学作业和考试成绩的巨大压力我主动提出给她帮忙我是新转到她班上的她觉得一个13岁的小屁孩要帮她的忙听起来很搞笑犹太教中对于教育的重视可能是我最为赞赏的一点无论如何 她让我试了一试然后我完美地帮她打了分甚至都不用看答案她惊讶地看着我 然后说亚伯拉罕 魏斯曼 你是天生的数学家太让我自豪了你跟她还有联系吗- 那个蠢货吗 没有 - 亚伯什么 她那天改的试卷里面有错误她都没发现我把它们都改正过来后就立刻- 转班了 - 他不知道适可而止 他一定要继续说那次之后她就辞职了 我建议的我们来举杯吧我长这么大从来没听懂过亚伯 魏斯曼说的话是什么意思有一回我真不该问他那天过得怎么样45分钟过去了 他还说个不停而我已经回房睡觉去了所以为了我们俩好我很高兴他终于找到了真正和他有共同语言的人而且很显然 不管他说的是什么其实都很令人倾佩让我们一起祝贺我的父亲- 致伟大的亚伯魏斯曼 - 干杯干杯(希伯来语)- 怎么办 - 我们走吧- 我们不走 - 他几乎和我们正对着等会 她就是那个秘书吗城里面有上千家餐厅能遇到的几率有多大百分之零点零一万六千分四百四十是百分之零点零一万二千三百我把天气因素都考虑进来了有些餐厅星期一不开门没错 但我算的是地理位置上 质量上的- 差异性 - 我们懂了 两位 几率很低她看起来甚至都不像是犹太人- 她是犹太人还是 - 我们走吧- 爸爸 今晚是你的庆祝宴别被他扫兴怪不得我找不着我的芬奇利袖扣这是个预兆 我应该注意到的爸爸 你的袖扣丢了不是预兆她的脚踝跟她的小腿一样粗够了 如果我们要留下来 我们应该聊个别的话题我们还是走吧把蛋卷放进你的包里- 我的包是丝绸做的 - 好吧有口袋的人 装个蛋卷走- 我去打辆车 - 我们走回去吧- 我穿着高跟呢 - 好吧 我们打车回去- 诺亚 去叫辆车 - 好的的士- 的士 - 嘿 的士- 米琪 - 乔尔 拜托- 我很抱歉 - 没关系- 我不知道你会在这 - 是的- 我不知道你来了 - 没有 我们从来没来过格林格拉斯餐厅和拉巴超市的人都避开我我大老远跑到东区去只是为了买包烟我们在庆祝 是个特别的聚餐我父亲要到贝尔实验室工作了贝尔实验室吗 哇 太棒了 他终于如愿以偿一个特别的聚餐 仅此而已我再也不会来这里了我们再也不会来这了我很抱歉 我只是我不是有意要破坏你们今晚的兴致你没有你应该回里面去了告诉你的太棒了去贝尔实验室这是拉比 施内尔森一个非常伟大的人 每个包裹里都有这张卡所以没人会找你要走他酸豆和芥末冰箱里我只认得这两样东西我们应该把香槟也带走的- 它已经开封了 - 这就是为什么上帝创造了漏斗等会 我找到了白软干酪- 我喜欢白软干酪 - 这张是Hirchensohn霍博肯的拉比领袖你见过Hirchensohn的圣卷吗说实话 我从来没见过拉比会交易卡片犹太人的一大奇观另一奇观是在基布兹集体农场上过安息日好了 这碗可能是汤或者肉汁 我不知道一碗褐色的汤或汁 谁想喝这也不是白软干酪了我简直不敢相信真的有人进来这里偷走了鱼饼冻 不然我们现在就能吃上了- 令人震惊 - 你确定不在这里吗- 我找过了 - 我们找过了我可以去睡觉了吗当然可以 亲爱的来 我带你去 我可以顺便潜进去偷偷亲一下埃丝特宝贝了不 宝宝才刚睡着 阿斯特丽德我保证你明天早上就可以亲她了晚安 伊森 好梦饼干 我找到饼干甭管你弟弟说的话了我宣布你是我最爱的孩子不会长久的- 什么不会长久 - 乔尔和那个女人我看到他看表了 两次- 妈妈 别 - 相信我那个女孩要出局了来块饼干换根烟吗如果被爸妈发现了 都是你的主意今晚那顿饭真够呛怎么 有什么异常状况吗我当时没留意我还是不相信你跟乔尔分开了我也没想过 相信我太令人失望了 我以前挺喜欢他的天啊 还有他旁边那女的我看到他 我就在想 我要去揍他我差点就去了但我想起那次我们在开玩笑我假装打了他手臂一拳撞折了我的小手指- 什么 - 他看起来不壮但他的手臂像砖墙那样结实- 是啊 他的手臂很结实 - 太丢人了隔天上班我不得不编故事- 说我在公园遭抢劫了 - 你没告诉过我这些这还不算是我最男子气概的轶事我真的恨他伤了你心 唉谢了下次记得找个上身力量很弱的男人- 一定会 - 我想为你出头- 我很感激 - 但我要在隔天能抓稳一支笔诺亚 听着 你要帮我一个忙 好吗随时效劳别抛弃阿斯特丽德我的天 我不会抛弃阿斯特丽德的- 她觉得你会 - 我不会我跟她说过无数次了 我不会的- 她担心 - 孩子 我知道她很喜欢孩子我不在乎我们有没有孩子 我想养只狗她快把自己逼疯了她快把我逼疯了我不知道该拿她怎么办每当她脑子里冒出什么想法比如说改变信仰这件事她一定要报名参加转变信仰的速成套餐不到三周内从异教徒成为犹太人课程 典礼 还有地下室奇怪的洗礼还有 我的天 这么多白面包- 我记得 - 所有这些都为了讨好妈妈不吃面包的妈妈如果要我去以色列- 再多一次 - 就 拜托了要至死不渝我保证她是个幸运的姑娘我该回屋里了我这是无故旷工嘿 这你的旧唱机还有色情喜剧唱片别告诉妈妈乔尔落下的吗不是 是我的你知道我从来不懂他为什么要做喜剧有一回我们去看他表演 他看起来也不是那么有趣你才是有趣的那个你一直都是有趣的那个谢谢阿斯特丽德亲了你的宝宝躲不过的晚餐真好吃我在想左宗棠鸡里是不是真的有左宗棠你自己下车吧我要回办公室一趟好吧别等我了你是哪位苏西 梅耶森 很高兴见到你这个非洲面具感觉有点格格不入- 你怎么进来的 - 这还用问吗- 所有威廉 莫里斯公司的人都在一点到两点去吃中饭经纪人 秘书 保安 门卫我在走廊上裸奔都可以没有人会来拦我你们这些人怎么都要吃中饭- 就没有人会吃早餐吗 - 从我座位上起来很抱歉 你不喜欢别人抢你的位置吗猜怎么着 我不会抢你的位置只要你不枪我的够了 我要叫保安了算了吧 卢 我把电话线都剪断了你说什么我没有剪断电话线 我只不过一时沉浸在了鲍嘉的电影里 挺酷的你他妈到底是谁你代理的一个家伙 叫什么兰德尔我不知道他姓什么 你是他经纪人 对吧他把一个叫米琪 麦瑟尔的女人介绍了你认识没错 然后呢然后 我是米琪 麦瑟尔的经纪人- 你是她的代理人 - 没错而且她目前不需要一个来自威廉 莫里斯的经纪人 她有我在就够了那你是哪来的 告诉我这些卢 我们都清楚要怎么利用像米琪这样的人 一个女喜剧演员 长得好看刚上道 不会唱歌你们在熟食店碰面 像你说的 一切都很随意然后你会筹备一顿昂贵的午餐 总是有这样的午餐不断灌输她们希望 还有她们的梦想你承诺了一切 可你根本不会兑现而且如果她们在亮相五分钟内没有惊艳全场你就会抛弃她们她不需要你她不需要兰德尔 她需要的是我- 是吗 - 是你能帮她拉到什么人脉你能帮你那班混蛋们拿到的同样的人脉我们两个人强强联手要是你再敢靠近米琪我就把你还有这整栋楼都毁掉做不到我决不罢休还有 这是我的名片以防你哪天会需要婆婆蛋糕- 波旁威士忌酒 - 我喜欢这个组合进来吧一级棒的黄油烤蛋糕如果你喜欢的话坐吧我喜欢你把房子打理成这样- 是吗 - 是的 看起来我们要庆祝什么呢还没 我想先说几句好吧 听起来挺严肃的- 你买了个电话 - 没错你说你没有电话是啊 我是个荒诞的乐天派你过得怎么样我挺好的很好 很好 所以你没有精神失常- 我想我没有 - 因为你看起来像精神失常你在说些什么你在做的这些派对巡回我不知道你把它们当作什么但这不是单口相声这不是喜剧表演 只是派对罢了懂吗 没有人会付钱给你 没有人会找你预约而且那些人都不是真正的观众他们不过是在免费痛饮时礼貌地对你点点头回家后就在议论那个一晚上说个不停的疯女人我知道这些都不是真的表演你知道吗 我看不像- 而且第二点 - 刚刚没有说第一点你不需要一个该死的男人跟你搭档你到底怎么想的你们想成为二流尼科尔斯和梅吗因为已经有一流的尼科尔斯和梅了他们可是尼科尔斯和梅你本来可以当原版的 但你这些荒诞的派对世界巡演把一切都搞砸了这是你想做的吗- 是的 - 真的吗- 没错 - 我真的无语了你要我把电话扔了吗 我可以把它- 扔掉 - 别扔电话我不需要这个该死的电话我没有任何人可联系我是为了你才搞来这个电话为了我以为我们已经开始的合作- 我们是开始了合作 - 那你新的经纪人知道吗他不是 我的你再也不能私自去见别的经纪人了 从今以后我不知道他会在那里 我发誓放屁 你不是个白痴立马给我打住这双小鹿斑比般天真无邪的眼神我受够了你装作很无辜的样子我对外面的世界一窍不通因为我是个家庭主妇我还穿着四层衬裙太累太软弱了你不累 而且你他妈一点都不软弱如果你想成为一个喜剧演员你就他妈的立刻给我长大我很抱歉 我我最近很迷茫我试着变得强大和独立但那晚我碰到乔尔了 他和她在一起而且每次当我以为可以挺过去 结果不能我试着让自己走出来我试着让自己想明白我知道派对不是喜剧表演我知道我不是真的在做单口相声我不想成为二流的尼科尔斯和梅我甚至没听说过尼科尔斯和梅而且我告诉你如果你要做私人经纪人那么有时候你就要处理个人私事而这就是我个人浑身上下不是只有协议和教训有时候你要帮我买些克里奈克斯纸巾让我哭出来 拍拍我的背- 然后说 好啦 好啦 - 好吧 我可能不你会听到我讲起我的丈夫还有我的孩子- 他们两个吗 - 没错 两个都讲而且你不能在我觉得世界崩塌的时候再躲开我了我做的不好你也要说我好- 你要我说谎吗 - 没错这就是经纪人该做的事情你明白吗好啦 好啦好点了吗是的好点了很好明天我们要签些该死的文件最后几个签名了 我保证责任通常都伴随着- 过度的文书工作 - 的确尤其是牵涉了政府的时候如果是一周前 我还不敢打赌我们今天会坐在这见面我也是挣扎了良久做了些艰难的妥协 而且你看起来那么迫切我们太激动了 相信我完成了所有关于你的背景调查工作 你比大多数人- 都要快完成 - 太好了接下来 就等政府的最终许可了虽然更加繁琐 但是应该也会很顺利我看唯一棘手的可能就是你女儿的几个逮捕案件她的逮捕案件我们都知道只是几件轻罪 她已经认罪了应该不是什么大问题对 没错年轻人都会经历这些阶段 对吧对 年轻人都会经历这些阶段我在大学时做过的事 让我父母惊讶到直到现在还会跟我提起刚开始我们会先让你缓几天我们的人会带你参观一下设备让你适应环境或许是我 或许是我的同事 斯文斯文是个很棒的同事我今天为克拉维特夫人感到无地自容自从她踢了茹涅 保罗的小腿之后- 我一看到她就跑 - 她开始给我讲关于她妈妈健康的故事当她讲到她只剩最后一个月的时候宝宝就开始笑了我跟你讲 那是世界上最长的停顿了但后来克拉维特夫人也笑了原来她恨她的母亲 还觉得埃丝特很讨喜怎么了茹涅 保罗发生过什么事她结过婚吗我也想知道她要把头发留长- 直到能把耳朵盖住 - 她的耳朵太大了但她可以隔着一个球场听到另一边有人说悄悄话 开玩笑的我是有趣的我策划主题晚会我穿化妆服我给他生孩子 一男一女没错 我们的小女儿看起来越来越像温斯顿 邱吉尔每天 顶着一个大雅尔塔市般大的头 但这也不能是他离开的理由 对吧真的吗 真的吗 我才刚吐槽完厕所听起来她像是崩溃了- 但是太好笑了 - 是很精彩蒙羞离场这是百分百的即兴创作不对 这肯定是有备稿的我向他展示了我对他的爱他们对犹太女孩说的那些屁话无论如何 真是天才- 十足的天才 - 你不知道她是谁吗我们只知道她嫁给了一个叫乔尔的男人而且她住在上城区刻录一百张出来看看销量如何我不敢相信这真的发生了我不敢相信他为了潘妮 潘离我而去这是她的名字 太难听了对吧潘妮 潘潘妮 潘潘妮 潘Yeah, yeah.The one that got away.The biggest heartache of my life was notmy husband and the father of my children leaving me,it was never being able to truly land Manniford McClaine.Yes, that was his real name,and he was fabulous.He was the captain of my high school football team.He was the leader of the pack.He had a jawline you could stab your sister with.He was so gorgeous thatafter years of having my mother tell me,"Your virtue is a garden, keep it watered,but behind a fence,"I bring him over for dinner, she takes one look at him,and suddenly it's like, "You know what?""It's not a high fence.""Just hop on over.""Here, step on my hands, I'll give you a boost."We almost went to prom together.- Ooh! - As friends, but still.Then his old girlfriend, Satan, moved back from Rhode Islandand they got back together, got married,had four kids and bought a waterfront mansion- in Oyster Bay. - Ooh!Yes. And...Hey, is there any more onion dip?Shh!Sorry.Is there any more onion dip?Continue, please.Anyhow, the other day I picked up a newspaperand there on the front page is a headline:"Wall Street golden boy, Manniford McClaine,caught with head of wife in trunk of car."That's right.Manniford murdered his wife,then drove around with her head for an hourbefore getting caught. I couldn't believe it.It-it had to be some other Manniford McClaine.But there he was, in the paper, handcuffed,being perp-walked into the station.And I just thought, "My God..."he still looks fantastic."No, I mean it,better looking than high school. I know,my first thought should've been, "Dodged that bullet."Instead it was, "I don't know, he's single, I'm single.If he beats this thing..."Okay, I'm gonna stop talking now.Harriet's brother is supposed to play something for us.Tommy? Play me off!Thank you.Thanks.Onion dip.- Bye bye love - Yes!Vivian, you're out of glasses.Thanks for pointing out the painfully obvious, Frederick.Stay vigilant!I think I'm in love with Frederick.Frederick? He's with Letty in toiletries.Letty dumped him days ago.I heard he was in love with Carroll in the back office.- Who's she? - He.How very Grecian.That is a terrible rumor to spread.These are getting heavy.Counter.Use plastic cups next time.Pay for 'em and I'll use 'em.Give me that. Were you raised by bears?Thanks, Mary.Coming through!- Hello emptiness - Careful.Watch it.This is a balance issue, people.Well done.I'm so Dasen-offen-upsetten-gruber.I'm sorry?Fraulein, please help me. I'm so lost.- I'm looking for the Reichstag. - The Reichstag?You don't know this famous German building?Gaudy, very big, and no elevator?Oy, those steps will leave you uber-pooped! Ha.You look very familiar to me.- Do I know you? - No, no,I just have one of those punims.What's your name?My name, well, it's Ay-Rolf...that's the first name..."Jawohl," that's it.- Not very common. - Ay-Rolf.And your last name?Hitler... burg.Well,I've got to tell you, Mr. Ay-Rolf Hitlerburg,you're a pretty long way from the Reichstag.Well, that bitch Himmler sent me off completely unprepared.Did I say "Himmler"?I meant "Himmlerstein."Well, what were his directions?He said to take a left, and another left,- and then the Third Reich. - "Right."That's what he said, "Third Reich."- "Right." - Glad you agree.Well,you are a long way from the fatherland.Was is das?Your German vocabulary's quite impressive, by the way.- Danke. - You are in New York City.New York City, interesting.Any place you can recommend for a quick bite to eat?I'm feeling a bit peckish.Well, there's an excellent deli around the corner.Yeah, deli's not really my thing.Okay, what do you like?Whatever's fascist. Fastest!Oy, what a day this has been.Pizza's here! Everybody pay up!So, I'm not really Ay-Rolf Hitlerburg.Well, you had me fooled.I'm Randall, Vivian's fifth favorite cousin.Midge, Vivian's 34th best friend.My what?Nothing.- Couple of comedians. - Are you?- Am I what? - A comedian?Bad sign if you can't tell.- No, you're hysterical. - I'll take your pity.Yes, I've been at it a while. Almost made my living from it.Got an agent, got a manager, toured, did a little TV.In fact, I got to go.I got a set downtown in a half hour.Crappy time slot, but, well.- You ever try a brisket? - A brisket?Personal joke.See you again.And don't be funny without me.You can't have Randall, I'm in love with him.He's your cousin, Vivian.Twice removed.Let's talk, sweetie.Hey, Jack Webb. Do I look like someone whowould use anything you sell in this store?Follow the men shopping for their mistresses.It's bound to be more fun.This is a personal favorite.But this one's a little bit more dramatic.You let me know if anything speaks to you.I don't know.I've never worn much makeup before.This was my daughter's idea.Blue would be a wonderful color on you.I don't know.- Which one is that again? - Mermaid Ice.Would you like to try it on?- I don't know. - Here.My daughter said I should try more.She says I should live a little before it's all over.Before what's all over?My life. She said it's a failure.I don't participate. That's why my husband won't talk to me.She's been very outspoken since she went to Radcliffe.There.What do you think?I don't know.Excuse me, is that Mermaid Ice?I'm sorry, I'm in a big hurry. My man's coming overand I am all out of my Mermaid Ice eye shadow.And if I am not wearing that when he gets home,all hell breaks loose.- Really? - You kidding?I couldn't get him to give me the time of day,much less give me the, you know, time of day.And then I came in here...- you remember when I came in here? - I do.You came in here and we talked about...I told you my life was crap, you sold me the Mermaid Ice,and now my life is a fat, fuzzy peach.I mean, I-I'm going broke 'cause this stuff costs a fortune,but, man, is it worth it.- Well, my goodness. - Yeah.If it worked for you...- I'll take two. - Wonderful.You will not be sorry.Margo, would you mind ringing up Mrs. Winterswhile I help my return customer over here?Hello, I can help you right here.Well, well, well.Just call me the closer.I'm a little surprised to see you.Well, it's been a while and last time we...words were said and...So, you're sorry?- Sure. - Good.It's behind us.So, this is where you hang out now?Well, you know I never like to be more thanthree feet from a lipstick.I do.It's a good job. The girls are really nice.And there's a vending machine in the employee break roomthat's broken, so if you hit it just right, free Abba-Zabas.- You are living the dream. - Sorry to interrupt.Midge, my parents are making me throw thema 25th anniversary party Friday.- Friday? Short notice. - I know.And I have no idea what people of their age do at parties.My mom keeps saying the word canapés.Is that an old people's dance?It's a type of hors d'oeuvre.You always know everything, so any tips would help.Hire help.- And get chairs, lots of chairs. - Right.- Old people sit. - And invite some of your friendsfor a little moral support.Who the hell would want to come to something like this?- I'll come. - You will?My God, I love you.I love her.Ha.- Booked a gig. - I'm sorry, what?It's just this thing that I've been doing lately.I've been working the party circuit.- Which means...? - I go to parties and I talk.- As opposed to...? - People like to hear me talk.And so far, it's been young parties, Viv's age.I haven't really worked an older crowd yet,so this is a perfect opportunity.I'll-I'll have to adjust a few of my references,but you have to be able to read an audience, right?Hey, are there large quantities of narcoticsin these Abba-Zabas of yours?I can't explain. I...Just-just come and you'll see. Friday.- I can't. I have plans. - What plans?To not be bored or miserable at some old fuck's party.Come. You'll-you'll watch, you'll see, you'll understand.I'll-I'll call you with the address.Wear something... clean.All right, everybody.Time's up.Put your papers on my deskif they contain the correct answers,otherwise, just don't.- Abe. - Hello, Irving.- What's up? - I want you to meet Charles Connelly,Executive Recruiter from Bell Labs.Bell Labs.You got time to talk?Sure.We're calling it Project Echo, Abe.A quantum leap in satellite technology.The commercial ramifications of this could be huge.Not to mention its defense capabilities.It would revolutionize the communications industry.And Bell Labs is leading the pack.Abe, we're gathering the best and the brightestto help us get there first.- May I stop you there? - Of course.I want no part of Sputnik panic.This smacks of that.There's no panic, Abe.We're doing this right.We never rush R&D.Your colleague, Bill Chernik...Bill and Abe have known each other a long time.Bill Chernik's a good man.He's been consulting with us for a while.Ask him about us. You'll like what you hear.There's no way this could work.My class load is so full.We can help with that. Take things off your plate.No, I'm loath to do that.We'll work around your schedule.An applied mathematician of your skillsis in high demand these days.We need you.I told you he'd be a tough sell.Which makes us want you more.Pending a security clearance,Bell Labs is at your beck and call.I need to get home.Let me walk with you.Please think it over.Take some time. And call with any questions.- I doubt I'll have any. - Call anyhow.I'll give you the pitch all over again.And thanks for your time.See you Monday, Abe.We're going out to dinner!Abe?Rose, Rose, get in here.We are going out to dinner.Ruby Foo's, Le Pavillon, name it.Abe, slow down. Why are we going out to dinner?Bell Labs, Rose.I got an offer to work at Bell Labs.- What? - Bell Labs down in the village!My God, Abe!You should have seen me with that recruiter.I played it so cool.I kind of nodded like this,was shaking my head a little bit.Very serious, very dubious.You can look extremely dubious.And he was eating out of the palm of my hand.This is the big leagues, Rose.This... this is the hotbed of invention.That TV that you all like so much,- courtesy of Bell Labs transistor work. - No.Grandpa, I was watching that.Bardeen and Brattain and Shockley won a Nobel for that.And now I am in their ranks.Where are we going for dinner?What about a dinner?We're going out. The whole family.Call Noah and Astrid.He's got an offer from Bell Labs.Wow, Papa, congratulations.Thank you very much.You've been obsessing on Bell Labsfor, like, 20 years now.I haven't been obsessing on them.My whole childhood, it was Bell Labs this and Bell Labs that,and, "My God, I'd give up pastrami"for a job at Bell Labs."I may have mentioned them.A-And once a year, we'd tour the building? The outside,- because we weren't allowed in. - You kids would playon the sidewalk while your father would jump up and down,- and try and peek in the windows. - Yes.That may have happened once or twice.Is that my blouse?- Yes, but it's not quite right. - For what?Okay, I-I'm talking about very important things here,and you're talking about clothes.I have to get dressed. Congratulations, Papa.How often do I get a job at Bell Labsand no one wants to celebrate with me?Abe, my love, we will find the perfect night to celebrate.With Noah and Astrid?They will be there.I mean, it's Bell Labs.And we, we are all so very proud of you.Mama, where's your green dress?At the cleaners.Shoot.I'm never sure about me and peach.I am.Here.The Dior?That's perfect.So, you're going to another party.That's the fourth one this week, isn't it?Four this week, three last week.Which, of course, means they've already seeneverything in my closet.Enter yours.So, are these friends of yours and Joel's?No. New friends.Girls from work.What do you think?Lovely, understated.- Understated?- Mm-hmm.- Next. - You don't want to be understated?I need to stand out.Well, you always stand out.I need to stand out in a very specific way.Well, you could wear nothing.That would get some sort of attention.Don't I know it.Now, tell me about...not until my funeral.So tell me, are there men at these, parties?They aren't nun parties, Mama.Well, you know, a girl standing alone at a party- says just one thing. - What's that?- I'm prey. Hunt me. - Perfect.- Miriam. - No, seriously,I was looking for a catchphrase. That's it.You should wait to go to these parties.It's too soon.I'll add some gloves to this.That should give it some zazz.- Miriam... - Thanks for the dress, Mama.- What are you doing here? - What am I...?Y-You invited me to this stupid party.No, I mean on the elevator.You're not leaving, are you?No, I've been riding this thing up and down for an hourwaiting for you to float in hereon your golden fucking Icarus horse.You got a pretty loose concept of time, lady.Cabs were scarce.Well, are you waiting for an engraved invitation?Get in here.Got to know the building pretty well.Old guy on six has cancer.That's terrible.I inspired him to reach out to his daughter.They've been on the outs since she divorced.She's here now, cooking for him.That's nice.You hear that?Couple on the fourth floor, they've been fightingfor a full half hour.He pinched some girl's ass, she saw.May have been the cancer guy's daughter.I hope she did nothing to encourage that.You look nice, by the way.Thanks.- Clean shirt? - Define "clean."Okay, this is the worst party I've ever been to.We just walked in the door.Let's go get a hot dog or something.No, no, no, stay.- Midge, hi. - Hi, Mary.This is my friend, Susie. Susie, Mary.Hi, Susie, come on in. Meet the others.I feel like I got it.I'll see you inside, Mary.Nice meeting you.- What a drip. - You're the drip.Come on, get with the program here.Why would anyone in their right mind go to parties?I mean, just buy some Sno Balls and a beer,and take the subway at rush hour, same fucking thing.I-I'm sorry, I just don't get it.Midge, I think I'm in love.- Not again. - Come see him, tell me if I'm crazy.He's my dad's boss.He's 70.And deaf and married, but keep an open mind.That's my cue.Wait a minute.Wait a minute.I get it. I get it.Mary? I get it.Wow, your silver anniversary.Your husband looks thrilled.Maybe we do need a better motivator for mento get them to care about the silver anniversary.Because what man really cares about silver?Maybe 25 years is the Yankees season tickets anniversary.Yeah!Yeah, and then to get them to 50,we need something really good.Maybe it's the "another woman's boobs" anniversary.Me, personally, I-I was never great at gift-giving.Maybe it's because I never got to celebrate Christmas.I got Hanukkah.Doesn't exactly prepare you the same way.For Christmas, a gentile would get a bikeas a reminder that their parents love them.For Hanukkah, we would get socksas a reminder that we were persecuted.Hey. You look happy.As a clam.I ate all the clams, by the way.See? Parties aren't so bad.I'm just trying to figure out the best wayto hide a lobster under my hat.- So, did you catch my set? - Your what?Just now. You hear all the laughs I got?Yeah, I heard the laughs.Pretty funny, right?You're a funny woman.Could you pass the asparagus?I did a version of the Hanukkah run a couple weeks ago,but I've honed it a lot since then.Yeah, that was some top-notch honing, there.Darling? Darling, over here!Yes, dear?Come over here by the window.You're gonna want to see this.- Shh. - What am I looking at?Well, nothing, silly, the curtains are closed.I'm incorrigible.Let's open the curtains here.There, see?It's the neighbors across the way again.The wife just got home.She's taking off her coat,and here comes her husband to say hello,- and...! - OhDid you see that?He fell hard.What the heck did he slip on?Whatever it is, he's picking it up.It looks like a towel... nope, it's the cat.- He slipped on the cat? - And he is angry.The cat or the man?Well, they're both pretty verklempt.You're Jewish. I never knew that.20 years of marriage and we're still learning things- about each other. - I like that about us.He's struggling with the cat...- The cat knocked his toupee off! - The cat did him a favor.And he's thrown the cat out the window.My God!And the car had to havea fancy garage and a fancy mansion to go with it.But I didn't expect you to get the money this month.He wouldn't care where I get it from!I told you to get it and get out of that.Poor Virginia.Peter never listens to her, now look at the mess he's in.Men only hear men... and bartenders.She really thinks getting angry will work?Why don't these writers just give her a boyfriend, or a gun?- My God. So hostile today. - I'm sorry.I'm just a wreck right now.- Everything's falling apart. - Hold it.What's the best way to reduce?- Commercial. - Eat plenty? Or starve yourself?A half-empty...Okay.Miriam stopped wearing her wedding ring.We're gonna need the ball.And Joel moved in with that girlfriend.- The secretary. - The home-wrecker.Like Sasha from Edge of Night,always spreading it around.She's a nothing. I know it won't last.If the secretary were just out of the picture,Joel would come back.You want her out of the picture?I have cousins. They have skills.- I'm sorry? - Nothing.I'm looking at the ball.I see a new man walking toward Miriam.My God, no.But he walked right past. Yes, he's gone.- Feel better? - It doesn't matter.There'll be another man and anotherand another; She's on the prowl.Every night she gets all dolled up and goes to these parties.Like she's given up on Joel and is trolling for husbands.She doesn't understand.Being a divorcée is terrible, yes,but being on your second marriage is...- Worse. - So much worse.Second marriage says failure.At least divorcée sounds continental.It'd be better if Joel had died, then she'd be a widow.At least there's dignity in that.You want Joel to die?Again, with the cousins.- I don't understand. - Okay, I give up.I see an open path for Miriam.She will find her way. I promise.Tell you what, I'll make a tonic.Pour it in her soup, it will help the luck stick.- Thank you, Drina. - You still look worried.I have the perfect thing.A distraction.Shh, shh.I think you'll love the color, Mrs. Maracek. See you again.And what color would you recommendfor my unique complexion, Miss?Pasty? I'd recommend Spackle.- And a putty knife. - I'll pass.- So what are you doing here? - I have a proposition.Blessed day.The ring department's on the third floor.- Remember the four "C" s. - A business proposition.But not here.You have time later today?I'm off in an hour.- Can you meet me at the Stage Deli? - Sure.Great.Point me to the shoplifting department?Second floor, south side.Excellent service.Hello there.Midge, this is my karate instructor, Lew Fogelman.I'm Randall's agent.He's with William Morris, so look impressed.I am impressed.Midge Maisel.I've heard good things.I like you already.We're sitting now.So... my boy told me he was having a bite with you,and I was in the neighborhood.Hope you don't mind my stopping by.The Stage DelI is open to all.He's headed toward great things, this one.- Just not in entertainment. - Will you shut up?- You're annoying us both. - I'm winningly self-deprecating.It says so right there on the new resumes- you made me pony up for. - Anyhow, he mentionedthat the two of you have been teaming up lately,which I find very interesting.- Teaming up? - Just at parties.Just for fun. However,have you ever thought about doing it professionally?- I-I don't understand. - Sometimes a charming, funny guywith a cute, dizzy broad on his arm is a good sell.- And I'm the dizzy broad? - Fine.I'll be the dizzy broad and you be the charming, funny guy.Perfect.So you want to do an act... with me?They're always looking for duos like usfor commercials, radio, industrials.Company events... you tell a few jokes,you mention the product a bunch of times,you look pretty.You can make decent money at this.- Seriously? - We'd be a booker's dream.Who knows, we may be the next Nichols and May.- You don't know Nichols and May? - Should I?The next time they're in town, you're going.- We're going. - Speaking of going,I'll leave the two of you to talk more.Food's on me; Keep it under a thousand bucks.It's been a pleasure.I'll send ten percent of my matzo balls to you, Lew.And I'll take it.He's picking up our tab.Excellent.Next time, let's meet in the shoe department at Saks.I don't care what your fucking title is.- It's house manager. - Your dirtbag friends come inand sit in my section, they got to order.They don't got to order, they're guests of the house manager.Then sit them in another section.There's only one section, your section.I fucking quit, Susie.I'm heartbroken.- Gaslight. - Hey, it's Midge.I left a bunch of messages for you with Jackie.- Did he give them to you? - Hang on.Jackie, did you have messages from Midge for me?- Possibly. -Asshole. - Asshole.You can't just throw in a random off-topic "asshole."An asshole has to be motivated.You breathe. It's motivated.Hey, you guys have got to get a divorce.I mean it.What was your message?I was just calling to touch base.You left early the other night.- Well, they ran out of butter. - Butter. Okay.Well, we should get together again.- Soon, okay? - Yeah, sure.Hey, what was the deal with you and that guy?- What guy? You mean Randall? - I guess.We've been doing these bits together at parties for a while.- They're a big hit. - What, does he think- he's funny or something? - He is funny.- You're kidding. - No. He's a professional comedian.He was even thinking we could get some work doing industrials.- Industrials? - Yeah.What, you're gonna spin around on a platform hawking Buicks?What's wrong with that? Buicks are very fine automobiles.Miriam, he just sold you some line'cause he wants to get in your pants.He does not want to get in my pants.- He wants to fuck you. - He wants me to work with him..He says we'll be like Nichols and May.Nichols and May don't fuck.Nichols and May totally fuck.- That's not what he says. - I walked in on them oncein the bathroom here... even their fucking was hilarious.Now you're just being coarse and crude.Randall is totally legit.I met his agent and everything.- You-you met his agent? - At the Stage Deli.Lew something, from William Morris.Nice guy. Bought us lunch.Susie, toilet's broken again.You might want to send the house manager to manage it.You did that on purpose.Look, I got to go.Good luck with the Buicks.I can't find my cuff links.Did you check your cuffs, Papa?These are my Gimbels' cuff links, my everyday cuff links.- I need my Finchley cuff links. - Abe, you look fabulous- without them. - It's a Finchley night.I'm gonna check the kids' room.The kids do not have your Finchley cuff links.I had cuff links, your kids moved in,I don't have cuff links.Draw a conclusion.Shalom! It's Astrid!- Come on in, Astrid. - Hi!Hello, you.Where's Noah?Astrid, please let me stop the car- before you get out. - I'm sorry.- We discussed this. - I couldn't help it.I-I got presents from our trip to Israel.Where are Esther and Ethan? Where are my little pishers?They're already at the babysitter's.No.Don't worry, she tends to bring them back.- No cuff links. - You're looking very handsome, Abe.I might as well be naked.That's an image we're all happy to have.Pop, I got my hands on the Bell Labs schematicsfrom a friend... lots of info, tons of specs.Study. Now.He walks right past his mother?Sorry, Ma. Good to see you. Mwah. Mwah.Midget, good to see you, too.You I could take or leave.Really, Astrid, my arms are getting tired.- Please put those down. - It's just that your apartment'sso beautiful, and I know you like everythingin a certain way, so maybe Noah can just take themback to the car until the kids get home, or...- Give this to me. - Thank you.What's in the bag?Gefilte fish.- My next guess. - I tried a new recipe.You'll be very happy... there are no onions in this one, Rose."Happy" doesn't quite describe it.- I'll take it, ma'am. - Thank you, Zelda.- You know where to... - Yes, I do.Here. This is for you.Honestly, Astrid, you don't have to bring us giftsevery time you go to Israel.- I... - What was this,your sixth, seventh trip?11th.Can't get enough of the Holy Land.What a beautiful mezuzah.I'd never seen one that big before.It looks like it ate all the other mezuzahs.Is that bad?- No. - I could return it.- To Israel? - Rose, Bell Labs has two cafeterias.Different cuisines in each one.I can choose. I get to choose.I better start easing them out,or they'll lose all interest in dinner.I brought you a gift, too.Is it another giant mezuzah?It is such a stupid gift.- Astrid, no. - No, Rose has a mezuzah.You have a mezuzah. It's not shoes...you can't just change them out every season.No, but if we ever move to a very big house...I just wish Rose liked me.She likes you very much. She loves you, Astrid.- I make her nervous. - Breathing makes her nervous.I thought that converting would help.I know that it's hard having an outsider in your family.You are not an outsider.I heard comments at our wedding.- No one commented. - "What's up with the shiksa."- "Noah married?" - Aunt Gertie, once.I'm an outsider. I'm barren.Astrid, you're young.No, I'm not. I'm 30.We're seeing the fertility doctor again tomorrow.He's one of the pioneers in cervical cap inseminations.Well, everyone looks good in a cap.I'm almost too afraid to go.I mean, what if it doesn't work this time?What methods did you and Joel use to get pregnant?Well... sex.Yeah, that seems to work for most people.- Honey... - Seven years of trying. I mean,what if he leaves me?Noah is not going to leave you.You did everything perfectly, and that yutz left you.Noah loves you.And I know you think he's pretty dreamy,but I'm his sister, so I can tell you the truth.He's a big nerdwho lucked out and married up.- No. - Seriously. You're saving himfrom a sad, lonely life in a lab.He's not going anywhere. Okay?- Miriam! Astrid! We're leaving! - Okay.Okay.This is the eighth grade,and Miss Bedetsky is so overloadedwith math homework to grade,I offered to help.I was new to her class,and she thought it was cutethat a 13-year-old would offer to help.The emphasis on education in the Jewish faithmay be the thing that I admire the most.Anyway, she let me try.And I graded them perfectly...without even using the key.She looked at me, astonished, and then said,"Abraham Weissman, you are a natural born""mathematician."I was so proud.Did you stay in touch with her?- That moron? No. - Abe.What? There were mistakes she didn't findin the papers she graded that day.So I corrected them and immediately transferred- out of her class. - He couldn't just stopat the nice part... he just, he had to keep going.She left the school after that, on my recommendation.I would like to propose a toast.I have never understoodwhat Abe Weissman was talking about ever in my life.One time I made the mistake of asking about his day.45 minutes later, he was still talking,but I had taken to my bed.So for both of our sakes,I'm very glad that he's finally foundsome people who truly speak his language.And apparently whatever he's been saying is very impressive.So please join me in toasting my father,- the great Abe Weissman. - Cheers.L'chaim!- What do we do? - We should leave.- We're not leaving. - He's practically on top of us.Wait, is that the secretary?There are a thousand restaurantsin the city... what are the odds?One in sixteen thousand, four hundred fifty...Twelve thousand, three hundred...I'm taking into account weather effects,that some restaurants are closed on Mondays...Yeah, yeah, but I'm calculating differentials in geography,- quality... - We get it, guys, the odds are low.She doesn't even look Jewish.- Is she Jewish or...? - We should leave.Papa, this is your celebration.Don't let him ruin it.I couldn't find my Finchley cuff links.It was an omen. I should have heeded it.Papa, your cuff links were not an omen.Her ankles are the same size as her calves.Okay, if we're gonna stay, we should probablyfigure out something else to be talking...We should go.Put the egg rolls in your purse.- My purse is silk. - Fine.Anyone with pockets, grab a roll.- I'll get us a cab. - We should walk.- I'm in heels. - Fine, we're getting a cab.- Noah, get us a cab. - Okay.Taxi!- Taxi? - Hey. Taxi!- Midge. - Joel, please...- I'm sorry. - It's okay.- I didn't know you'd be here. - How could you?- I didn't know you came here. - We don't. We never have.I've been steering clear of Barney Greengrass and Zabar's.I go all the way over to the East Sidejust to buy a pack of cigarettes.We're celebrating. It's a special occasion.My father got a job at Bell Labs.Bell Labs? Wow, that's terrific. He finally got it.It's a special occasion. That-That's all.I'll never come here again.We'll never come here again.I'm sorry. I just...I didn't mean to spoil the night.You didn't. It's...You should go back inside.Tell your...That's great...about Bell Labs.And this is Rabbi Schneerson.A very good man, but that card's in every pack,so no one will trade you for him.Capers and mustard.That's it for things I recognize in here.We should have taken the champagne.- It was already poured. - That's why God invented funnels.No, wait, I see cottage cheese.- I like cottage cheese. - You got a Hirchensohn!Chief rabbi of Hoboken!Have you ever seen a Hirchensohn?To be honest, I've never seen rabbi trading cards.One of the wonders of Israel.That and Shabbat on a kibbutz.Okay, this might be soup or gravy. I don't know.It's a container of brown... should we try it?This is no longer cottage cheese.I can't believe someone actually came in hereto steal the gefilte fish... we could be eating that.- Astonishing. - You sure it's not here?- I looked. - We looked.Can I go to bed now?Of course, sweetie.Here, I'll take you. And I can sneak inand steal a little kiss for my baby Esther.No, the baby just went to sleep, Astrid.I promise you can kiss her in the morning.Good night, Ethan. Sweet dreams.Cookies. I found cookies.Ignore what your brother says...you are officially my favorite.It's not going to last.- What's not? - Joel and that woman.I saw him check his watch. Twice.- Mama, don't... - Trust me.That girl is on her way out.Cookie for a smoke?If the parents catch us, this was your idea.What a dinner?What? Did something unusual happen?I wasn't paying attention.I still can't believe you and Joel split.Wasn't my plan, believe me.It's so disappointing. I really liked the guy.God, and that girl he was with.When I saw that, I thought, "I should hit him."And I would've.But then I remembered once we were joking around,and I sort of fake-punched his arm...Broke my pinkie.- What? - He didn't look that big,but his arm was like a brick wall.- Yeah, he had strong arms. - It was humiliating.The next day at work I had to make up a story- about being mugged in the park. - You never told me any of this.Well... it wasn't my most...manly anecdote.I sure hate that he hurt you, boy.Thanks.Make sure the next guy you get involved withhas very weak upper body strength.- Of course. - I'd like to defend your honor.- I'd appreciate that. - But I have to be ableto hold a pen the next day.Noah, listen, you got to do me a favor, okay?Anything.Don't leave Astrid.My God. I'm not gonna leave Astrid.- She thinks you are. - I'm not.I've told her a million times I'm not.- She's worried about h... - Kids. I know, she's obsessed with it.I don't care if we have kids. I want a dog.She's driving herself crazy.She's driving me crazy.I don't know what to do with her.When she gets something in her head...like the whole converting thing.She had to sign up for the accelerated conversion package.Goy to Jew in three weeks or less.Classes, rituals, and weird baths in basements,and, my God, so much challah.- I remember. - All to impress Mama.Who doesn't eat bread.And if I have to go to Israel- one more time... - Just, please,till death do you part.I promise.She's a lucky gal.I should get back in.I'm playing hooky.Hey, your old turntable.And some really dirty comedy albums.Don't tell Mama.Vestiges of Joel?Nope, they're mine.You know...I never did get his thing for comedy.One time we came to see him, he didn't seem that funny.You're the funny one.You've always been the funny one.Thanks.Astrid kissed the baby.It was inevitable.The food was good.I wonder if there really was a General Tso.You get out.I, have to go back to the office for a while.Okay.Don't wait up.Who the hell are you?Susie Myerson. Nice to meet you.The, African masks seem out of place.- How did you get in here? - Are you kidding me?The entire William Morris Agency goes to lunch from 1:00 to 2:00.Agents, secretaries, security, the janitor.I could've done naked cartwheels down the corridorand no one would have stopped me.What is it with you people and lunch?- Don't any of you eat breakfast? - Get out from behind my desk.I-I'm sorry, you don't like people behind your desk?Tell you what. I won't get behind your deskif you won't get behind mine.Okay, I'm calling security.Forget it, Lew. I cut the lines.You what?I didn't cut the lines. Just wanted to sound likeI was in a Bogart picture for a second. It was kind of cool.Who the fuck are you?You handle a guy, Randall something.I don't know the last name. He's a client of yours, right?Introduced you to a woman named Midge Maisel?Yeah, so?So? Midge Maisel's a client of mine.- You're her rep? - Yup.And she doesn't need a William Morris agentin her life right now. She's got everything she needs with me.And who are you, to be telling me this?Lew, we both know what a place like this does with someonelike Midge... a girl comic, good-looking,just starting out, can't sing.You meet 'em at the deli, like you did, all casual-like.And then you schedule a fancy lunch... there's always lunch...talk to 'em about their hopes and their dreams,you promise them everything, you deliver nothing,and then you dump 'em if lightning doesn't strikewithin the first five minutes.She does not need you.She does not need Randall. She needs me.- Yeah? - Yeah.What kind of contract you got with her?Same kind of contract you got with your nuts...there's two of us and we're attached.And if you ever go near Midge again,I will make it my life's mission to take youand this entire building down.And... here's my card.In case you need it someday.Babka.- Bourbon. - I like that combination.Come in.It's excellent toasted with a little butter,if you're so inclined.Sit down.I like what you've done with the place.- Do you? - Yes. It looks...What shall we toast to?Not yet. I want to talk first.Okay. Sounds serious.- You got a phone. - I did.You said you didn't get the phone.Yeah, well, I'm a cockeyed optimist.So, how you doing?I'm fine.Good. Good. So you're not insane?- I don't think so. - 'Cause you seem insane.What are you talking about?This party circuit thing you've got going on,I don't know what you really think it is,but it's not stand-up.It's not a gig, it's a party.Yeah? You are not getting paid, you are not getting booked,and those people are not a real audience...they are politely nodding at you while they drink free booze,and then they talk about the crazy ladywho wouldn't shut up the whole night.I know they're not real gigs.Do you? 'Cause it doesn't seem like it.- And second of all... - There was no first of all.You do not need a goddamn man at your side to do this.What the hell are you thinking?You really want to be some second-rate Nichols and May?'Cause there's already a first-rate Nichols and May.It's fuckin' Nichols and May.Now, you could be an original, but you are fucking it all upwith this cockamamie alternate universe party bullshit.You want to do this?!- Yes. - Do you?- Yes! - Well, I can't tell anymore.You want me to get rid of the phone, 'cause I can get rid- of the phone. - Do not get rid of the phone.I don't need to have a goddamn phone.I don't have anybody I have to call.I got that phone for you,for this partnership that I thought we were starting.- We are. - Does your new agent know that?He's... not my...You do not meet with any agentswithout me knowing about it, ever.I did not know he was gonna be there. I swear.Bullshit! You're not an idiot!Just drop this doe-eyed Bambi thing right now.Okay, I'm so sick of you acting all innocent,"I don't know how the world works 'cause I'm a housewife,and I wear four layers of petticoats."It is tired and it is weak,and you are not tired and you are not fucking weak.And if you want to be a comic,you are gonna have to grow the fuck up right now!I'm sorry. I...I don't know what to do lately.I'm... I'm trying to be strong and independent,but I saw Joel the other night, and he was with her,and every time I think I can breathe again, I can't.And I'm-I'm trying to get it right.I'm trying to figure it out.I know the parties aren't gigs.I know I'm not really doing stand-up.I don't want to be a second-rate Nichols and May.I'd never even heard of Nichols and May.And I've got news for you.If you're gonna be a personal manager,then sometimes you're gonna have to deal with the personal.And this...is personal.All of this.And it's not just deals and lectures.Sometimes you're gonna have to buy some Kleenexand let me cry and pat me on the back- and say, "There, there." - Okay, that's not really my...You're gonna have to listen to me talk about my husband,and my kids.- Both of 'em? - Yes. Both of them.And you are gonna have to stop backing away from mewhen I feel like my life is falling apart.You are gonna have to tell me I'm good when I'm not.- You want me to lie? - Yes!That is what managers do!Do you understand?There, there.Better?Yes.Better.Good.Tomorrow...we're gonna sign some fuckin' paperwork.The last few signatures. I promise.Responsibility is often- accompanied by excessive paperwork. - And how.Especially when the government's involved.If you'd asked me a week ago, I would not have put moneyon us sitting here today.Well, I had to shuffle quite a few things around,make some tough compromises, and you seemed so desperate.We are thrilled, believe me.All your background checks are completed. You sailed through- faster than most. - Very good.Now, there's just the final government clearance.It's somewhat more intensive, but it should go smoothly, too.The only possible bump I seewould be your daughter's arrests.Her arrests?We know, a couple of misdemeanors, she pled guilty.It shouldn't be too big a problem.Right. Yes.Young people go through these phases, right?Yes, young people go through phases.Things I did in college, it's amazing my parentsstill talk to me.We'll ease you in the first couple of days.One of us will take you on a tour of the facility,get you oriented.Might be me, might be my colleague, Sven.Sven is a great fellow.I was cornered by Mrs. Klaviter today...Ever since she kicked Junie Paul in the shins,- I run when I see her. - She starts telling me this storyabout her mother's health.And right as she says she's only got a month to live,the baby starts laughing.I tell you, it was the world's longest pause.But then, Mrs. Klaviter laughed, too.Turns out, she hates her mother and thinks Esther's a delight.What?What ever happened to Junie Paul?I wonder if she ever married.I would think.She just needed to keep her hair long enough- to cover those ears. - They were enormous,but she could hear someone whisperingfrom across a football field. I'm kidding.I was fun.I planned theme nights,I dressed in costumes,I gave him kids, a boy and a girl!And yes, our little girl is lookingmore and more like Winston Churchillevery day, with the big...Yalta-head? But that's not a reason to leave, right?Really? Really? After what I just said about the bathroom?It's like she's having a breakdown.- But it's hysterical. - It's amazing.Walk of shame!It's total improv.Nah, this had to be written.And I showed him I loved him.All that shit they say about Jewish girls...Well, whatever it is, it's genius.- Pure genius. - And you don't know who she is?All we know is she's married to some guy named Joel,and she lives uptown.Let's dub a hundred and see where it goes.I can't believe this is happening.I can't believe I'm losing him to Penny Pann.That's her name. Terrible right?Penny Pann!Penny Pann.Penny Pann! ♪ 别了 幸福 ♪♪ Bye bye happiness... ♪ ♪ 别了 我的爱 再见 再见 ♪♪ Bye bye, my love, good-bye-eye ♪ ♪ 别了 我的爱 再见 再见 ♪♪ Bye bye, my love, good-bye-eye. ♪ ♪ 我是个女孩子 女孩子 ♪♪ I'm strictly a female female ♪ ♪ 我希望我的未来 ♪♪ And my future I hope will be ♪ ♪ 会与一名勇敢而自由的男孩 ♪♪ In the home of a brave ♪ ♪ 住在一起 ♪♪ And free male ♪ ♪ 他将享受男人的乐趣 ♪♪ Who'll enjoy being a guy ♪ ♪ 有一个女孩 ♪♪ Having a girl... ♪ ♪ 你的双眸在闪烁 ♪You with the stars in your eyes... ♪ ♪ 你曾经是 ♪♪ You used to be ♪ ♪ 那么聪颖 ♪Too wise ♪ ♪ 嘿 ♪Hey there... ♪ ♪ 你听到他们了吗 ♪Can you hear them? ♪ ♪ 他们在谈论我们 ♪They talk about us ♪ ♪ 满嘴谎言 ♪Telling lies ♪ ♪ 毫无新意 ♪Well, that's no surprise ♪ ♪ 你看到他们了吗 ♪Can you see them? ♪ ♪ 把他们都识破 ♪See right through them ♪ ♪ 他们一点也不遮掩 他们什么也得不到 ♪They have no shield, nothing gets too revealed ♪ ♪ 他们说什么都无所谓 ♪It doesn't matter what they say ♪ ♪ 这是人们都热衷的嫉妒游戏 ♪In the jealous games people play ♪ ♪ 我们什么也不说 ♪Our lips are sealed ♪ ♪ 嘘 我亲爱的 ♪Hush, my darling ♪ ♪ 别再哭泣 ♪Don't you cry ♪ ♪ 安静 小天使 ♪Quiet, angel ♪ ♪ 忘了他们的谎言 ♪Forget their lies ♪ ♪ 你能听见他们吗 ♪Can you hear them? ♪ ♪ 他们在谈论我们 ♪They talk about us ♪ ♪ 满嘴谎言 ♪Telling lies ♪ ♪ 毫无新意 ♪Well, that's no surprise ♪ ♪ 你看到他们了吗 ♪Can you see them? ♪ ♪ 把他们都识破 ♪See right through them ♪ ♪ 他们一点也不遮掩 他们什么也得不到 ♪They have no shield, nothing gets too revealed ♪ ♪ 他们说什么都无所谓 ♪Doesn't matter what they say ♪ ♪ 这是人们都热衷的嫉妒游戏 ♪In the jealous games people play ♪ ♪ 我们什么也不说 ♪Our lips are sealed ♪ ♪ 不要介意他们说的话 ♪Pay no mind to what they say ♪ ♪ 无论怎样都没关系 ♪It doesn't matter anyway ♪ ♪ 我们什么也不说 ♪Our lips are sealed ♪ ♪ 我们什么也不说 ♪Our lips are sealed ♪ ♪ 我们什么也不说 ♪Our lips are sealed. ♪http://www.orangesub.com/帮助我们加快进度 加入QQ群489216448版权所有 ©2017 亚马逊影视电视公司Translate By OrangeSub Television Drama Team■■■■开始(时间标记)结束■■■■开始(时间标记，中间不影响画面)结束■■■■开始(时间标记，结尾黑屏前)