"迷眼" 前情提要...Previously on "Shut Eye"...我在這裏是為了讓你們保持誠實I'm here to keep you honest.準備好做更好的自己了嗎Are you gonna build someone better?-是的  -說服我- I am. - Make me believe.我要做更好的自己I'm gonna build someone better!這就對了That's what I want to hear!你生我氣是應該的You're right to be angry with me.昨晚難道是又一次磨合嗎Was last night a tune-up for the machine?你我之間Yours and mine.我不想傷害我妻子I don't want to hurt my wife.這是接收器...The receiver...這是麥克風and the microphone.所以你出去拋頭露面時So all you need to do is talk into it只要對著它講話就好了right before you go out and mingle.下一個你來嗎You next?牛仔 牛...Cowboy, cowb...-西部牛仔  -是的- It's a Western. - Yes.-她好酷啊  -是啊- She's cool. - She is.晚安Good night.我爸啥時候回來So when's Dad coming back?我不知道I don't know.你在跟誰發短信Who you texting with?要想知道這種信息應該需要搜查令吧Pretty sure you need a warrant for info like that.西姆拉和我知道Simza and I are aware你想重新加入這個家族of your appeals to rejoin the family.我就去聯繫約西普 提出正式請求I'll reach out to Josip and make a formal request.我需要一個可靠的能賺錢的人I need a solid earner來讓我的公司重回正軌to get my corporation back on track.我的房子裏有一堆孩子 他們需要一位父親And I have a house full of kids who need a father.現在就有一個人能同時滿足這兩個要求There is someone who fits both fuckin' bills.這樣做很違反常規啊This is pretty unusual.去你媽的 吉姆Fuckin' A, Big Jim.來搶啊Come and get this.不 別急 別急 訣竅是只翻一次面No, no. Wait. Wait. Wait. The key is only flip 'em once.不然它們會變干Otherwise, they go dry.好吧Okay.-爸  -你好 寶貝- Dad! - Hey, baby!你的那份要加芝士嗎Hey, you want cheese on yours?-要 但不要太生  -不要太生- Yeah. And no pink. - No pink?蘭科家的人都教了你什麼啊What have these Rankos been teaching you, huh?我不想知道它以前是小動物I don't want to know if it was once an animal.動物吃動物Hey, animals eat animals.這是生命的循環It's the circle of life.適者生存Survival of the fittest.從此無憂無慮["獅子王"裏的快樂生活哲學]Hakuna Matata.只有最強的才能生存 娜娜Only the strongest survive, LaLa爸Dad!謝謝Thanks.抱歉了 媽Hey, sorry, Ma.炸彈來了Cannonball!還在寫詩嗎Still writing poetry?爸...Dad...那個...Hey, uh...西姆拉知道你在跟別的男生發短信Simza knows you've been texting other boys.我沒跟別的男生發短信 只有尼克I'm not texting other boys. It's just Nick.尼克·哈弗福德Nick Haverford?我們在同一所學校We go to the same school now.聽著 寶貝Listen, honey.我們要好好表現一段時間We got to be on our best behavior for a while.我又沒做錯事 我們只是朋友I'm not doing anything wrong. We're just friends.但你結婚了But you're married.托尼搬回以前的房間了Tony moved back into his old room.我睡在娜娜房間裏And I'm staying in LaLa's.我們沒有... 在一起We're not... together.長老會在監督我們The Council is watching us.懂嗎Okay?等著看我們搞砸Waiting for us to screw up.這表示你得減少和新"朋友"的聯繫Which means you need to cool it with your new "Friend"直到風波平息until things settle down.我們必須聽話We got to play nice.明白了嗎Understand?這才是我的好女兒 愛你哦That's my girl. Love ya, baby.幾個月前誰會想到...Who would have thought......我們會一起在這裏...A few months ago that we'd be here?這是什麼What is this?長老會要一份白托尼資產的The Council asked for a status report現狀報告on White T's assets."現狀"是什麼And what is the status?誰他媽知道Who the fuck knows.他們在考驗我They're testing me.我完全搞不懂這些破玩意兒I can't make heads or tails of this shit.好了 大傢伙 出泳池All right, everybody! Out of the pool!該吃東西了 上吧 蘭科們Time to eat! Go Rankos!方索Fonso.你看得懂這些東西嗎Can you make sense of any of this?這些是匯到空殼公司的電匯These are wire transfers to shadow companies.白托尼在很多地方都插了一腳White Tony had his fingers in a lot of pies.這是什麼What is it?我們該先吃飯 不著急弄這個You know, we should have lunch. This can wait.這是咱們很久以來吃的第一頓團圓飯It's the first meal we have with the family after a long time.走吧Come on.你快出泳池You get out of the pool.快點Come on.我... 想說聲謝謝I, um... wanted to say thank you感謝你...for uh... you know,對我女兒們好 做她們的依靠doing right by my girls, being there for them.這對我很重要It means a lot.我也有事沒來得及跟你說Well, there's something I haven't told you.什麼事What is it?你今天挺帥You look good.進來Entre媽Ma?我在等人呢Expecting someone.怎麼了What is it?我們必須談件事There is something we need to discuss.什麼 我是垃圾嗎What? That I'm a piece of shit?還是我搞砸了That I fucked up?是我搞砸了I fucked up.我當時走投無路...I was backed in a corner...但我得說 是你造成的...a corner of your making, I should say...你對我做的好事 對白托尼幹的事what you've done to me, what you've done to White Tony.你在說什麼What are you talking about?我向他們告發你了I told them about you.誰們Told who?聯調局The FBI.多年來 他們一直在處理反詐騙組織集團犯罪案件They have been building a RICO case針對各大家族against the families for years.你向他們承諾了什麼What did you promise them?我承諾交出你I promised them you.但現在你回到家族裏了But now you're back in the family,我看見孫女們和你一起and I see you with the girls.我不能這樣 我承受不了I can't do this. I can't go through with this.但我真的沒得選But I was given no choice.你就真這麼恨我嗎You really hate me that much?竟然這樣對親生兒子...You do this to your own son...還有你的家族to your own family?我是為了保護我的家族I was trying to protect my family.靠把我送進局子裏來保護嗎By handing me over to the Feds?你沒有保護任何人You've protected no one.而且你毀掉了一切And you've destroyed everything.操Fuck!我以為他的名字是戈登It was my understanding that his name is Gordon.沒錯 他確實叫戈登 但他自己用"戈德"Yes, his name was Gordon, but he went by "Gord."不是所有人都用法定名Not everyone uses their legal name.我們得找辦法精準定位We need a way of narrowing it down.我不知道你在抱怨什麼I don't know what you are complaining about.你今晚表現得很棒了I thought you were great tonight.-這是什麼  -噢 太好了- What's this? - Oh, great.來的真及時 打開吧Just in time. Open it!你怎麼找到的How did you find this?花了不少時間It took a lot of digging.我谷歌了"驚悚恐怖娃娃"I Googled "Creepy-ass doll,"這是出現的第一條內容and this was the first thing that came up."墨菲"... 我不知道這是他的名字"Murphy"... I didn't know that was his name,更別說知道他是神秘人了let alone he was a man of mystery.他確實很勝任這個頭銜He certainly lived up to his hype.看來他對你很重要It sounded like he was important to you.琳達會說你在助長我的幻想Linda would say that you're feeding my delusion.我是在助長你的好奇心I'm feeding your curiosity,這是在這行業裏永遠不嫌多的東西which is something you cannot have enough of in this business.而且 你工作很努力Besides, you've worked hard.我想著你值得一些表彰I thought you deserved a little something in recognition.真的特別感謝你I really appreciate it.這... 這簡直...This... This is...這簡直太棒了This is great.晚安 查理Good night, Charlie.把他放在安全的地方Keep him tucked away somewhere safe.我們可不想讓他再經歷上一次的事了We do not want him suffering the same fate as the last one.墨菲 神秘的男人Murphy, man of mystery.小心點搬它Careful with that.能幫我把這些粘起來嗎Do you mind taping these up?謝了Thanks.你好呀 陌生人Hey, stranger.我們要搬走嗎Are we moving out?還是有人要搬進來Or is someone moving in?正在清理接待室Cleaning out the parlor.你不在家的時候更多You're away more than you're here,我也不能同時運作兩間店and I can't run two shops,所以我想把這個房間變成客房so I figured I'd turn this into a proper guest room.開派對和整理房間Hosting parties and reorganizing the house...你快變成瑪莎·斯圖爾特了You're turning into a regular Martha Stewart."做更好的自己" 對吧"Build someone better", right?我明白你的意思I see what you did there.你怎麼了You okay?沒事 就是有點累Yeah, I'm just tired.嘿Hey!放心 我不會扔掉它的Don't worry. I'm not gonna throw it away.大多數東西都要搬去另一家店Most of it's going to the other shop.剩下的都存起來The rest we put in storage.要不然這樣You know what?其實仔細一想 大多數東西都可以扔掉Come to think of it, we can toss most of this stuff.你真的進化了That's very evolved of you.看來瑪姬對你真的有好影響I guess Maggie's a good influence after all.-溫哥華怎麼樣  -很好- How was Vancouver? - Good.那兒的人太好了People are really nice.他們毫無理由就會道歉They apologize for absolutely no reason.我覺得那是他們的國民愛好I think it's their national past time.給我帶的紀念品呢So where's my souvenir?甚至都沒有件畫著麋鹿的T恤啊Not even a shirt with a moose on it.對不起 我會補償你的Sorry. I'll make it up to you.尼克在哪兒Hey, where's Nick?在他房間生悶氣呢In his room. Pouting.你沒收了他的手機還是遊戲機Did you take away his phone or his PlayStation?是他的手機His phone.他整天都在玩手機He's on that thing day and night.我以為你要去和他談談的Thought you were gonna have a chat with him.-他還在和德林娜發短信嗎  -是的- Is he still texting Drina? - Mm.-你覺得是怎麼回事  -怎麼看都是戀愛了- What do you think is going on? - All signs point to a crush.太好了Fantastic.他對她來說是什麼And what's he to her?只是個消遣A distraction.我們剛脫離了那一家子的魔爪We just got out from under the thumb of that family.不能再搞砸了We can't fuck that up.這件事必須要停下來This has to stop.我會跟他說的I'll talk to him.你們居然還沒得高血壓嗎How do you guys not have high blood pressure?我們吃的80%都是鈉80% of our diet is sodium.我們明天晚上會給你做飯的We'll cook dinner for you tomorrow night.我和你媽最近工作很忙Your mom and I have been really busy with work lately,但長期來說 對你是件好事which in the long run, is actually good for you.如果我先死掉就不是了Not if I die first.也許我應該吃一陣素食Maybe I'll go vegan for a while.你什麼時候吃過蔬菜Since when do you eat vegetables?紅肉對你的身體不好Red meat is bad for you.會升高膽固醇和炎癥It increases cholesterol and increases inflammation.只會破壞And just wreaks havoc胃裏的...on those little micro...微生物for your gut.你從哪兒聽到這些的Where'd you hear that?學校的一個健康研討會A health seminar at school.兒子Listen, buddy.我們得聊聊你發短信的事兒We need to talk about your texting.得了吧 爸 你也來這套Come on, Dad. Not you, too.你必須得停下來You need to knock it off.不管你和方索的女兒之間是And whatever this thing you have going on什麼關係...with Fonso's daughter...我們什麼關係都沒有Look, th-there's no thing.好吧Okay?只是很同情她I just feel bad for her.沒別的That's all.你接吧Go ahead.我馬上就回來I'm gonna be right back.怎麼了Yeah, what's up?這太不公平了How is that fair?等你還房貸的時候You pay the mortgage,你就能決定什麼是公平了then you can be the judge of what's fair.在店裏的時候我幫過你I helped you out at the shop.當然 我很感謝你的幫助Yes, you did, and I appreciate that,但那不會讓我們成為對等關係but that doesn't make you an equal partner around here.-得了吧 媽  -現在嗎- Come on, Mom. - Right now?我的手機...My phone...我保證我不會做愚蠢的事情I promise I won't do anything stupid.好嗎 求你了Okay? Please.一派胡言Famous last words.你不會相信這件事的You are not going to believe this.還留下來吃飯嗎You're staying for dinner?硅谷有家很大的科技公司Some big tech company in Silicon Valley下個月他們要開年度靜修班is having their annual retreat next month.-謝謝你  -然後瑪姬覺得- Thank you. - And Maggie thinks這是個大好機會that's a tremendous opportunity.他們的總裁希望明天一早And the CEO wants to hear our pitch聽我介紹一下first thing tomorrow morning.明天一早Tomorrow morning.-你甚至還沒打開行李  -我知道- You haven't even unpacked. - I know.飛機是今晚九點Flight's tonight at 9:00.這樣吧 我不去了You know, I'm gonna pass.乾脆不去了I'll just pass.不行No.你不能拒絕You can't.至少你把手機拿回來了Uh, at least you got it back.可這都兩天之後了Yeah, after two days.父母太煩了Parents suck.可不是嘛Tell me about it.你爸回來了感覺怎麼樣What's it like having your dad back?怪怪的Weird.說了你可能不信You're not gonna believe this,我發誓我看到他和西姆拉在調情but I swear I saw him and Simza flirting.什麼What?不可能No way.這難道不會違法嗎Isn't that, like, illegal or something?是啊 有可能Yeah. Maybe.我也... 不知道I don't... I don't know.怎麼了 出什麼事了What? What's wrong?我們得分開We have to break up.假的... 分開 你懂我的意思Fake... break up. You know what I mean.我們不能一起玩了We can't hang out anymore.為什麼Why?發生什麼事了嗎Did something happen?托尼看到我們的短信了Tony saw some of our messages.他很生氣Guess he kind of lost it.臥槽Oh, shit.而且現在我爸也回來了Yeah, and now my dad is here,整天都盯著我looking over my shoulder every two seconds.太煩了This sucks.你是我唯一的朋友You're, like, the only friend I have.我也是Yeah. Same.我是說 你是我的I mean, you're mine.我的朋友 我...My friend. I...我都不會跟自己做朋友I wouldn't be friends with myself.天哪 你可真笨Gosh, you're so dumb.德林娜 讓我進來Drina, let me in!這也是我的房間It's my room, too!我 我得掛了I-I got to go.-好吧 改天見  -好- Okay, I'll see you around. - Yeah. Okay.-再見  -拜拜- Okay. Bye. - Bye.真是對不起  我以為能多待一會兒Sorry about this. I was hoping to stay a while.你還好嗎You all right?你用的什麼詞來著What'd you call it?是心癢癢嗎An itch?我和吉娜的關係The thing I had with Gina.是不是...Is that all it is...就像你和瑪姬you and Maggie?你在撓癢癢嗎You scratching an itch?我懂你的意思I mean, I get it.她... 是個漂亮的女人She's... A beautiful woman.又聰明絕頂Smart as fuck.特意來幫助你Gone out of her way to help you.幫助我們To help us.我要跟你說你對我說過的同樣話I'm gonna tell you the same thing that you told me.別投入感情Don't get emotionally involved.你不會想誤機的You don't want to miss your flight.你在這兒就像個隱士You're like a hermit up in here.你要幹什麼What are you up to?開箱整理Unpacking.那你真是很不擅長這個Well, you fuckin' suck at it.知道嗎 你讓我驚訝 方索You know, you surprise me, Fonso.你來這裏好幾天了 但你沒做任何You've been here for days now, and you have yet to do anything,不合適的事indecent.我為了我的女兒來這裏的I'm here for my girls.只是...Just...為了你女兒for your girls?怎麼了What's wrong?我們的孩子都結婚了Our kids are married.好像你把那當回事一樣Like you give a shit about that.可能你是對的Maybe you were right.你在墓地跟我說的話What you said to me at the cemetery.什麼話 關於我們的嗎What? About us?我去到哪裏 哪裏就有人受傷Everywhere I go, people get hurt.我的家人值得更好的人My family deserves better.你值得更好的人You deserve better.你這想法都他媽從哪裏來的Where the hell is this coming from?我們應該離彼此遠一點We should stay away from each other.這對所有人都是最好的It's best for everybody.選一張 隨便哪張Pick a card. Any card.我不覺得我是合適的人選Oh, I don't think I'm the right person for this.上一次我自己裝飾的東西The last time I decorated anything myself還是我宿舍的聖誕樹it was the Christmas tree in my dorm room.來吧Come on.差點忘了Oh, before I forget.我想到了 在你恐懼之後I figured after your scare,你可以用一些東西來放鬆you could use something to calm the nerves.藍色瑪瑙代表寧靜和療愈So blue agate represents serenity and healing.謝謝你Thank you.-我自己更喜歡波本威士忌  -我也是- I prefer bourbon, myself. - Me, too.但是 希望這個可以幫我度過難關But, hopefully, this will tide me over.所以我要把它放在哪So where do I put this?你床上方Above your bed.你睡覺的時候 能量就能沐浴著你The energy will wash over you while you sleep.這個顏色可能挺適合這房間You know, this might be a good color for the room.我也考慮過藍色I was looking at the blues.但我覺得紅色也會很有趣But I think red could be fun, too.不管你怎麼折騰這房間Hm. Well, whatever you do with this room,你得在角落裏放個嬰兒床you should put a crib in the corner我要睡覺的時候可以把寶寶放在那so I can drop the baby off when I need to sleep.我有點想念有個小傢伙在身邊的感覺I kind of miss having a little one around.至少你知道要怎麼照顧小孩At least you know what to do with one.我就跟無頭蒼蠅一樣I am flying completely blind here.我是說... 帕斯是個很好的朋友 但...I mean... Paz is a great friend but...他不知道自己在幹什麼He doesn't know what he's doing.感覺我只能要求他那麼點東西There's just only so much I feel I can ask of him.我懷孕的時候Well, during my pregnancy,查理一直在工作Charlie was working all the time.那很難It was hard.我感到很孤獨I felt so alone.我以前覺得我一個人的話...I used to think that I'd be better off like that...會過的更好by myself.但現在我覺得那只是But now I just think that's something孤獨的人安慰自己的話lonely people tell themselves.實際上 我不知道You know, honestly, I have no idea要怎麼度過這難關how I'm gonna get through this.橘子橙Orange marmalade.不 不要No. Nope.不要No.這裏的公司有一種新趨勢There's a new trend of companies here引進外部顧問bringing in external consultants與我們的客戶和團隊成員一起工作to work with our clients and our team members.我們很高興你們能來We're excited to have you here.我之前發送過來的建議The proposal that I sent over earlier更詳細地介紹了我們對於offers a more detailed look at our strategy改變你們公司文化的策略for changing the culture in your company.我只想說 方案可以根據你們的需求Suffice to say, it is designed to be malleable進行調整depending on your needs.在其他地方也證明It is an approach that has proved這個策略很成功very successful elsewhere.我們有信心這個策略在這裏也能起作用And we are confident that it will work well here, as well.是的 說的對Yeah. That's right.我們能適應Um, and we can adapt你們的任何需要to whatever you need.這些就是你們帶來的東西So these are the objects you've brought in.那麼明顯嗎That obvious?我不需要超能力就能認出媽寶男I don't need special powers to ID a mama's boy.我很驚訝 也很感動你竟然讓我拿著這個I'm surprised and touched you'd even let me hold this.我想這球幾乎沒出過盒子吧I doubt it's even left its case very much.這個MLB的標誌說明這是個比賽用球[美國職業棒球大聯盟]The MLB logo makes it a game ball.這裏有磨損 但是沒有簽名There's a scuff, but there's no signature.這是個界外球嗎Was it a foul ball?是的Yes, it was.但你都沒去看比賽But you weren't even at the game.-沒去  -那太遺憾了- No. - That's too bad.我聽說是場精彩的比賽It was a good one, I heard.精彩的比賽很少見Perfect games are rare.只有可能是個巨人隊投手Only one by a Giants pitcher.天啊Holy shit.說對了嗎Is that right?麥特·肯恩 2012的時候Matt Cain, back in 2012.現在到你了...Now you...我們不需要把所有本事都顯露出來We don't need to give away all our goods.一直吊著他們胃口 不是嗎Always leave them wanting more, right?拜託Oh, come on.我打賭他的同事會很想聽I bet his colleagues would love to hear關於他前女友的事about his ex-girlfriend.你們已經沒在一起了 對嗎You're no longer together, are you?嗯No.但你留著這個作為紀念But you kept this as a remembrance.她把這個留在我那兒She left that at my place.她提出的分手She broke it off.你想念她You miss her.但你會贏回她的But you're gonna win her back.她...She, uh...她去世了She passed away.一年前About a year ago.我很抱歉...I-I'm sorry. Uh...我很抱歉I'm sorry.-剛剛他媽怎麼回事  -你想我說什麼- What the hell was that? - What do you expect?我不習慣這種... 所有這些快速轉場I'm not used to this... all these quick turnarounds.-我很疲憊  -別給我鬼扯- I'm exhausted. - Don't give me that shit.我們做了調查的We had the research.你在那兒得把它背出來You're the one that went off-book in there.-別搞破壞 查理  -我沒有搞破壞- Don't sabotage this, Charlie. - I'm not sabotaging it.這樣的消息會很快在公司之間傳開的Word gets around like wildfire in companies like this.今天我們能進入這個圈子就夠難了As difficult as it was for me to get us in there today,明天難度會加倍it will be twice as hard tomorrow.我明白 我明白I get it. I get it.我們正處於某種危險之中We are on the precipice of something here.我知道你能感覺到I know you can feel that.你就是害怕You're just scared.他們不需要像我這樣的人They don't need someone like me.或許他們和帕斯那樣的會比較好Maybe they're better off with someone like Paz.可能... 可能讓你來更好Maybe... Maybe you're better off.去你的Oh, for fuck's sake.讓你放下這些想法就這麼難嗎Is it so hard for you to drop this shit,連一個小時也不行嗎just for an hour?你的妻子了 你的家人了Your wife, your family.你以為我沒有家人嗎You don't think I have someone?這他媽的很難 但我把它藏在心裏It's fucking hard, but I bury it.我把這些情感放在一邊 為了工作I put it to one side for the sake of the work,為了我們要達成的目標for the sake of what we are trying to achieve.坐早班機回去Take an earlier flight back.我在這兒還有生意 週末還有一場靜修班I still have business up here and a retreat this weekend.回家陪你的家人去吧 查理Go home to your family, Charlie.我以為你整晚都會在這裏I thought you were gonna be in here all night.你知道我的You know me.我總是在洗澡的時候做最壞的打算I always do my worst thinking in the shower.我一直在想一些我自己的壞打算I've been doing some thinking of my own.我們這個週末就走吧Let's get away this weekend.蒙特利 卡梅爾...Monterey, Carmel...拍一些海獅的照片Take pictures of the sea lions.喝當地的葡萄酒喝到醉Get drunk on local wine.聽起來很棒Sounds amazing.但我不能就這樣打包東西離開這裏But I can't just pick up and leave town.告訴他是個聚會Tell him it's a reunion.以前俱樂部的老朋友們Your old friends from the Club.他知道我不再和那些姑娘來往了He knows I don't talk to those girls anymore.下週末如何Next weekend?不行I can't.有行的時候嗎Will you ever?我有自己的責任I have responsibilities.那你對我的責任呢What about your responsibility to me?你開啟的這段關係And this thing that you started.不只是意亂情迷It isn't just some infatuation.比那要多It's more than that.我也不知道是什麼I don't know what it is.但要讓我離開我的家人...But if you're asking me to leave my family...他不能讓你幸福He doesn't make you happy.他是我的伴侶He's my partner.我是你的愛人I'm your lover.你要想清楚誰對你更重要You got to figure out what means more to you.魚和熊掌不可兼得You can't have it both ways.也許這就是問題吧Maybe that's the problem.也許我就想兼得Maybe I want both.你好Hi.這是我兒子 凱文This is my son, Kevin.第一次來First time.非常激動Very excited to be here.我爸爸呢Where's my dad?他沒和你一起嗎He's not with you?我們也是剛剛到We just got here ourselves.你這是怎麼了What's the matter with you?-沒怎麼  -肯定有事兒- Ahh. Nothing. - Something happened.告訴我 也許我能幫你Tell me, maybe I can help you.沒用的 全完了There's no point. Everything's fucked."人就像鋼鐵一樣"Men are like steel.不經過回火 就沒有價值"[lose temper也有無法控制情緒的意思]When they lose their temper, they lose their worth."李小龍說的Bruce Lee.查克·諾裏斯說的[李小龍的對手]Chuck Norris.快點 跟我說說吧Come on. Talk to me.就那麼一秒鐘我放鬆了警惕I dropped my guard for one second.好讓自己快活會兒Allowed myself to be happy,老天爺就教訓我了and the universe just clobbered me.拿過來Give me that.你給我聽好了Now, you listen to me.我們剛步入正軌We got a good thing going here.我不能讓你沉淪下去I can't have you losing your shit.我不清楚具體怎麼回事Now, I don't know what's going on,但你最好振作起來but you better get it together.你給我仔細聽著This is what's gonna happen.現在就回家 好好洗個澡You're gonna go home, and you're gonna take a shower.換上一身新衣服You're gonna put on some new clothes,然後給我他媽振作起來and you're gonna man the fuck up.來吧Come on.快點兒Come on.好了There you go.謝謝你Thank you.沒事Okay.出什麼事了The fuck was that?散開 沒事了Break it up. It's okay.都讓開 好了 大家都冷靜Break it up. It's okay. Everybody be calm.他摔倒不能怪我It's not my fault he fell for it.-怎麼回事  -她耍賴- What happened? - She cheated!我沒有耍賴 只是虛晃一下I didn't cheat! I feinted.他以為我要攻上路 但我打的下路He thought I was gonna go high, but I went low.她踢了他的蛋She kicked him in the nuts.她這是跟誰學的呢I wonder where she got that from.好了 馬特奧 起來吧All right, Mateo, shake it off.我們在學格鬥的風格We were learning about fighting styles.我屬於進攻性I'm an offensive fighter.在對方出招前先出唬住他I trick them before they can trick me.這叫"虛澡"It's called bathing.親愛的 你說的是"虛招"吧Honey, I think you mean the word "Baiting."沒錯Yeah.我以前跟你說過你是天才嗎I ever tell you you're a genius?你一直這麼說All the time.太棒了Excellent.準備Jun-Bi!你一個人嗎You alone?是啊Hey. Yeah.我媽媽在給人看掌紋My mom's in a reading right now.你來幹什麼What are you doing here?想給你樣東西Just wanted to give you something.這是你寫的嗎Did you write this?克勞德特的事很遺憾I'm sorry about Claudette.你說得對You were right.她沒說實話She wasn't being honest.非常感謝Thank you so much.這太奇妙了That was wonderful.謝謝你讓我開了眼I appreciate you opening my eyes.咱們下周見And I'll see you next week.你還好嗎 寶貝Are you okay, honey?你看著跟發燒了似的You look like you have a fever.估計是空調壞了吧I think the AC's broken in here.我要去取刷接待室的油漆I'm gonna go pick up some paint for the parlor.介意諾婭來吃晚飯嗎Do you mind if Nora comes over for dinner?不 當然不介意Yeah. Why not.你把這些收拾完吧 我一小時後回來Why don't you finish this up. I'll be back in an hour.謝謝 夥計Thanks, man.我會幾個動作I've got moves.-過來  -別- Come here. - No!-你沒聽過這歌嗎  -沒有- You've never heard this song? - No.那我這媽媽做得太失敗了Then I have failed you as a mother.你這標準定的太低了That's a pretty low bar you set.爸爸Hey, Dad.還以為你今天回不來了呢We thought you weren't gonna be back until tomorrow.我決定早點兒回來I decided to come back early.看來是選了黃色啊So you went with yellow.都說這會喚起溫馨樂觀的感覺They say it evokes feelings of warmth and optimism.你覺得呢What do you think?我覺得看著很棒I think it looks great.查理Hi, Charlie.舊金山這趟怎麼樣How was your trip to San Francisco?又冷又多霧Foggy and cold.我累壞了 打算直接I'm exhausted, so I'm gonna just進屋去早點兒睡覺了 好嗎hit the hay a little early tonight, okay?確定嗎Are you sure?我們正準備吃晚飯呢We were about to sit down to dinner.我確定Yeah, I'm sure.尼克Nick.去收拾桌子吧Go get cleaned up.-好的  -我該走了- Okay. - I should go.-不用  -要的- No. - Yeah.-感覺我在中間多餘了  -別說傻話了- I feel like I'm in the way. - Oh, don't be silly.我確定查理更想和家人待會兒I'm sure Charlie would rather just spend time with the family.沒問題的It's fine.我... 明天給你打電話 好嗎I- I... I'll call you, okay?"雙唇已干 夜不能眠Mouth dry. I'm awake.心跳若狂 躍至耳邊My heartbeat travels from chest to ears.佳人何往Where is she?歡聲依舊That laugh was hers.縈繞此間That laugh was here.我自孑然...But I am alone...色之繁豐 質之綿綿Rich colors, soft textures.佳人何往Where is she?自顧鏡中雙眼I greet my eyes in the reflection,惶恐漫淹overwhelmed with dread.遍尋伊人不見I look for her inside.欲闔雙眸瞼猶顫My eyes quiver as I force them closed.願返舊年華Please send me back to our memories.與君共翩翩"Back to where I can be with you.是我啊Hey, uh, I-it's me.我知道現在非常早 但你們能來一趟嗎I know it's super-early, but can you guys come over?有點急事It's an emergency.查理 快起來Charlie. Get up.他從後門進來吵醒了我He came in through the back gate and woke me up.他手上有劃傷 但不讓我離近了看He's got a cut on his hand, but he won't let me get near it.完全語無倫次 自言自語He's totally out of sorts, talking to himself.-他還要見你  -見我- And he's asking for you. - Me?對 所以才給你們打電話 他說他需要你Yeah. That's why I called, because he said he needed you.帕斯 帕斯Paz. Paz?查理Charlie!堅持住 會好的 一切都會好的Hold on. Everything's all right. Everything's gonna be fine.不 不是的 你不明白No, no, you don't understand. You don't understand.沒有了I've lost it.我和宇宙之間的聯繫被切斷了My connection to the universe has been severed.我什麼都聽不到I hear nothing.只剩下噪音Only the noise!全消失了 消失無蹤It's gone. It's gone for good!什麼消失了 怎麼了What's gone? What's gone?查理 你必須幫我 好嗎Charlie, you have to help me, okay?聽著 你有幻視 你能...Listen, with your visions, you can...你能幫我溝通 找出來我哪做錯了you can communicate for me and find out what I did wrong.你什麼都沒做錯You haven't done anything wrong.錯了 肯定有錯I did! I must have.我不知道 但肯定有事不對I don't know. Something's not right.我覺得...I feel like...是我讓她失望了I let her down.就是這原因... 我讓她失望了That's what happened... I let her down.你說的是誰 哪個她Who are you talking about? Who's her?看見沒 這就是我以前聽不清的時候的樣子See? This is how it was before I had the clarity, right?在我沒有能力之前 我腦海中的聲音...This is how it was before. The voices in my head...它們都只說一次They're all just talking all at once.我不能強迫它們出聲I can't make them out.現在我又回到了原點Now I'm back there again.又聽不清了I just lost the clarity.行了 聽我說All right. Listen to me.-都消失了  -聽我說- It's gone. - Listen to me.我會幫你找到方法的I'm gonna help you find some clarity.沒想到你會打給我I didn't expect to hear from you.-觸發詞是哪個  -什麼- What's the trigger word? - What?觸發詞 你就是這麼做的 不是嗎The trigger word. That's how you do it, right?你催眠了他You hypnotize him.你告訴他所有信息You feed him all the information.讓他覺得那是自己的天賦He thinks it's his gift.查理 發生了什麼Charlie, what's going on?他出了點狀況He's having some kind of episode.說宇宙停止和他對話了Claims the universe has stopped talking to him.而很顯然 宇宙是位女性And, apparently, the universe is a she?是我的錯This is my fault.我好幾周沒和他一起工作了I haven't worked with him for weeks.因為你跟我搭伙了Because you've been working with me.沒錯Yes.他需要幫助Well, he needs his fix.告訴我觸發詞是什麼 還是我得猜Tell me the word or do I have to guess?真理Verite.-是法語  -法語是吧- It's French. - French.我知道I know it.你要做什麼What are you gonna do?我要給他所需要的幫助I'm gonna give him the help he needs.真理Verite.我覺得自己不太對勁I'm not feeling quite myself.-你能幫我嗎  -當然 當然能- I wonder if you can help me? - Of course. Of course.好了 我帶你去個安全的地方 好嗎Okay, I'm gonna take you someplace safe, okay?噢 我的精修版 這週末還有一場Oh, my retreat! This weekend.帕斯 現在不想這個Uh, let's not focus on that right now, Paz.我不能讓我的探索者失望I can't let my seekers down.他們需要我的指引They need my guidance.我希望你不要擔心這些I don't want you worrying about that.-你來做吧  -什麼- You'll do it. - What?查理 求你了Charlie, please.接手靜修班吧Take over the retreat.他們和我一樣需要幫助They need help as much as I do.我做不了I can't.瑪姬會在的Maggie will be there.她會告訴你怎麼做的She'll talk you through it.先去帶你做個檢查Let's get you checked out.我覺得這是個好主意I think that's a good idea.自製鬆餅Homemade muffins.我自己做的Made them myself.你可以嘗嘗 我還有一個I've got an extra if you want to try one.我正在減肥I'm watching my waist.原諒我的唐突Forgive my rudeness.阿方索·馬克思Alfonso Marks.我媽跟我說在這能找到你My mother told me where to find you.希望沒打擾你I hope that's okay.她還跟你說什麼了What else did she tell you?說你在找我That you've been looking for me.或者我該說 是在調查我Or looking into me, I should say.你是過來自首的You're here to turn yourself in.我只是有條購物街而已I'm just a guy who owns a strip mall.沒那麼有吸引力I'm not that interesting.但我見過一些事...But I've seen some things...知道一些...know some things...有吸引力的事that might be.我有種感覺 福斯特I've got a feeling, Foster,我倆會成為好朋友that you and I are gonna be great friends.那可說不好 馬克思先生Well, that depends, Mr. Marks.做我朋友規矩可多著呢There are a lot of rules involved in being my friend.而且通常會讓你樹一些新仇家And it usually requires making a few new enemies.我仇家人本來就挺多I got plenty of those.多幾個也無妨What's a few more.爸爸Dad.我以為你去靜修班了I thought you left for the retreat?我... 我先去了趟醫院I... I stopped by the hospital first.你個傢伙 怎麼沒上課反而在家What the hell are you doing home from school?我們有半天假 行政類假期吧We just had a half day. Some administrative holiday.尼克 別扯了Nick, come on.你知道最好別跟我撒謊You know better than to try to lie to me.爸 我要過不了了Dad, I was gonna fail.-什麼過不了  -一次科學考試- Fail what? - A science test.我... 我學習不夠努力I... I just... I didn't study hard enough.都在店裏幫媽媽Uh... I was helping Mom out at the shop.這不是真話That's not the real reason.是因為你老發短信It's your texting.所以學習不夠努力You're not studying hard enough.-知道了嗎  -知道了- Got it? - Got it.我週日才能回來Now, I'm gonna be gone till Sunday.-你一個人可以嗎  -沒事 可以的- You gonna be okay?  - Yeah. Yeah.我... 我都16歲了 爸爸I... I... I'm... I'm 16, Dad.是啊Exactly.我知道我老是不在家I know I haven't been home that much,但我會彌補你的but I'm gonna make it up to you.下週末我們一起去六旗樂園怎麼樣How about we go to Six Flags next weekend?好啊 去吧Yeah. Yeah, cool.過來Here.等我回家 可不想看見When I come home, I don't want to see家裏到處都是空的披薩盒empty pizza boxes all over the place.帶媽媽去吃點好的吧 好嗎Why don't you take your mom somewhere nice, okay?好嗎Okay?好的Okay.有事就打給我Call me if you need anything.我以為他馬上就會進來了I thought he was gonna come in here for a second.是啊Yeah.他就像是 腦子裏一起裝著20件事He's got, like, 20 things on his mind right now,但都跟我無關so none of them are me.我知道這種感覺I know the feeling.我得在兩點半之前So, I, uh, have to be back回到學校前門in front of the school by 2:30.莎倫在那接我Sharon's picking me up.那麼...So, uh...你想做點什麼What do you want to do?就像是每次有選擇擺在面前時It's like every time there's a choice to be made,我總是會選錯I make the wrong one.也許我需要有人在我腦子裏告訴我該怎麼想...Maybe I need someone in my head telling me what to think...告訴我該說什麼telling me what to say.你有啊You already do.我不是說我... 我說的是瑪姬I'm not talking about me... I'm talking about Maggie.那不就是你的小把戲嗎Isn't that how your little trick works?她就在你耳朵裏說話She's literally in your ear.你他媽在這幹嘛What the hell are you doing here?和你的小夥伴一起Just hitching a ride to the retreat搭車去靜修班啊with your buddy here.順便問一句 他為什麼能坐副駕駛By the way, why does he get the front seat?他都不能說話He doesn't even talk.不是吧Come on.你說得好像多想我們一樣You were just talking about how much you missed us.等等Wait.你是幻象而已You're a vision.也許是你的幻想呢Or maybe a fantasy.我問墨菲怎麼在這I'd ask why Murphy was here,但接著 你的興趣就變得but then, your interests have been非常超前了quite progressive lately.現在換作你有小三了 感覺怎麼樣 查理How's it feel to be the one with a side chick, Charlie?你想要什麼What do you want?你這問題離得有點遠That's not remotely the right question,不過我們會談到的but we'll get to that.也許你應該多注意下路況You may want to pay a little more attention to the road.琳達Linda?琳達Linda.