狼园城堡  德国   1934年这边Over here!恐怕是真的I'm afraid it's true.殿下挣扎过His Royal Highness has struggled.而女王陛下希望她王位第一继承人的儿子And whilst Her Majesty's desire to have  her son be the first heir to the throne去上普通学校的做法值得赞赏to attend a normal school is laudable,我们很高兴接收殿下入学and we were delighted  to have His Royal Highness at Cheam...但我们不能欺骗自己we should not delude ourselves...说这件事已经完全成功了that it has been entirely successful.多谢Thank you.媒体几乎每天都写他的报道The press run stories  about him almost daily.其他孩子在新闻上读到他的事情The other boys read about him  in the newspapers.看到跟着他的侦探They see his detective.我们已经尽力了  但是We do what we can, but...那个年龄的孩子可能会很残忍boys that age can be cruel.实际上  殿下是不一样的The fact is,  His Royal Highness is different.不仅仅因为他的身份  他的父母的身份And not just because of who he is,  who his parents are.他非常害羞  敏感He's uncommonly shy. Sensitive.脆弱Delicate.因此  如果你问我  以我的专业意见So, if you're asking me where,  in my professional opinion,觉得他应该去哪里上高中he should go to senior school...请说Yes, I am.我只能说伊顿公学  那是最完美的解决办法I would say that in Eton College,  you have the perfect solution.就在家附近Right on your doorstep.看啊  查尔斯Look, Charles!看  你会离家很近的Look, you'll be so much closer to us.周末的时候  你可以跑上山  和我们在一起The weekends, you can just  run up the hill and you'll be with us all.你可以睡在自己的床上And you can sleep  in your own bed.我得先和你爸爸请示一下  他肯定会同意的I have to ask Daddy,  but I'm sure he'll agree.亲爱的迪基叔叔Dear Uncle Dickie,妈妈跟我说她选择让我高中去伊顿公学Mommy told me that she had chosen  Eton College for me for senior school.我必须说  我松了一口气  现在感觉非常激动I must say, I was very relieved  and now find myself very excited.去伊顿上学才更合适Being at Eton makes so much sense.你应该也是在那上的学吧Am I right in thinking  that you went there, too?我从来没去过伊顿I was never at Eton.受了一个非常无聊的家庭老师折磨后I was tormented  by a particularly dull tutor at home.我就去奥斯本的海军大学上学了Then I was sent to the Naval College  in Osborne.所以我很嫉妒你能去伊顿公学So, I'm very envious of Eton.你在那里会多快乐啊What great fun you'll have there.我建议你去见亚瑟·坎宁安And may I suggest a gentleman's outing  to meet Arthur Cunningham,萨维尔街的理发大师head cutter of the finest House  in Savile Row?- 先生  - 打了两个结吗- Sir.  - Is that a two in the hand?- 是的  先生  - 又名- Yes, sir.  - Also known as?- 伊顿结  - 伊顿结- The Eton knot.  - The Eton knot.拉了拉袖口And shoot the cuffs.肩膀应该高一些I think slightly higher on the shoulder.好的  先生  四分之一英尺Yes, sir. Quarter of an inch.然后利用大拇指固定帽子And we position the hat with the thumbs.伊顿外套The Eton suit.- 再大一号是什么  - 五号- Next size up?  - Five, sir.换五号吗Five?- 五号  - 五号- Five.  - Five.茄子Whites.吸气Breathe in.谢谢Thank you.- 这样能让你振奋起来吗  - 的确- Now, doesn't that lift the spirits?  - Yes, it does!点睛之笔Finishing touch.非常好Oh, yes!恭喜你  先生Congratulations, sir!- 干得漂亮  - 谢谢- Well done, you!  - Thank you!我们以一半距离之差赢了  在航海方面相当于一个鼻子的距离We won by half a length, which is  the nautical equivalent of a nose.- 竞争激烈啊  你的额头晒伤了  - 你应该看看我的腿- Ah. Neck! You've burnt your forehead.  - You should see my legs.谢谢你Oh, thank you.不得不承认我们离开得有点晚  但可以压轴We left it rather late admittedly.  But came good at the last marker.在航海学相当于最后一狼Which is the nautical equivalent  of the final furlock.浪（注：八分之一英里）Furlong!晚餐后  你应该去看看查尔斯After dinner you should look in  on Charles.给他看看奖杯吗  好主意To show him the trophy? Good idea.不  我是说称赞他的制服No. I thought to compliment him  on his uniforms.- 什么制服  - 他上伊顿公学穿的制服- What uniforms?   - His uniforms for Eton.你在说什么  查尔斯要去戈登斯敦What are you talking about?  Charles is going to Gordonstoun.- 未必  - 必要- Not necessarily.   - Yes, necessarily.- 这还没尘埃落定呢  - 给我个锤子和枣子- It's not set in stone.  - Give me a hammer and chisel看着我把它刻在石头上and watch me carve it into one.- 菲利普  - 戈登斯敦才是适合他的地方- Philip.  - Gordonstoun is the right place for him.说那个学校造就了我并不夸张  它也可以造就查尔斯It's no exaggeration to say that school  made me, and it can make Charles.他在伊顿什么也学不到He won't learn a thing  about himself at Eton.但他那样就能生存下去  并蓬勃发展Yes, but he might just survive  or flourish.或者他会变成另一个奶里奶气  性格软弱Or he might just become  another wet, nambypamby,妈宝男  和英国上流社会的其他人一样了mollycoddled twit like the rest  of the British upper classes.女王陛下  亲王殿下Your Majesty, Your Royal Highness.迪基认为这个学校适合他Dickie thinks  it's the right school for him.- 这和迪基无关  - 他喜欢查尔斯  你知道的- It's none of Dickie's business.  - He's got a soft spot for Charles.- 他们会互相通信  - 什么时候开始的- They write to one another.  - Since when?- 他听说了查尔斯不开心  - 真希望他别再干预了- He heard how unhappy Charles was.  - I wish he'd stop meddling.迪基就是会插手Well, meddling is what Dickie does.如果我们让他去伊顿公学就是对儿子的背叛We would be betraying our son  if we let Eton have him.他要去戈登斯顿  不接受反驳He's going to Gordonstoun,  and that's the end of it.好吧  行  如果你这么坚持All right, fine,  if you feel that strongly about it.- 是的  - 我们把制服退了吧- I do.  - We'll return the uniforms.- 你烧了我都不在意  - 但你要把这消息和查尔斯说  别让我说- You can burn them for all I care.  - But you can break it to Charles, not me.- 好吧  - 女王陛下- Fine.  - Your Majesty.谢谢  詹姆斯Thank you, James.我确实喜欢苏格兰  但那里离家不是很远嘛I do like Scotland,  but isn't it a long way from home?- 不远  - 而且你要去看我- No. - And a terrible inconvenience- 特别不方便  - 根本不会- for you to come and visit me there? - No. Not at all.我已经决定  作为特殊待遇  我亲自带你飞过去I've already decided to fly you  up there myself as a special treat.但是But...我不和你撒谎I won't lie to you.我听说自己要去戈登斯顿时  和你有一样的感受When I heard I was going to Gordonstoun,  I felt exactly as you do now.很苦恼Wretched.我想和亲爱的姐姐一起留在家I wanted to stay at home  with my dear, favorite sister.我想要选更容易  更温和的办法I wanted the easier, softer way.但要想正常长大But in order to grow up properly,你必须远离这些有的没的you need to get away  from all this nonsense.你想听我说一个大秘密吗Would you like me to let you into  a big secret?请说Please.这里  并不是现实的世界This... is not the real world.约翰  把这个扔了John. Get rid of those.你可以穿我以前的毛衣  校服跟原来的一样You can have my old jumper.  The uniform hasn't changed a bit.把头伸出来Pop your head through.这是第一课That's the first lesson.衣着和饰品并不能定义我们Who we are is not what we wear  or what glitters.定义我们的是精神It's the spirit that defines us.这里In here.菲利普Philip?菲利普Philip?你不是要穿得像去葬礼一样You're not really going to  fly him to school带他飞去学校吧dressed for a funeral?当然不是Of course.我这是以防万一One might as well be dressed  for the inevitable.如果我们安全着陆  我会换的If we land safely, I'll change.她可是你姐姐She's your sister!一会见See you soon.是的  我是希腊人Uh, yes, I'm Greek.跟我来  我们快点弄完吧Come along.  Let's get this over with.对Ja.为什么我们要这样  我讨厌飞行  我们应该坐火车的Why did we do this? I hate flying.  We should have gone by train.把手给我Give me your hand.没关系  看着我It's fine. Look at me.- 没关系的  只是气流  - 好的- It's all right. It's just air.  - Yes.- 真美  - 冷死了- It's beautiful. - It's freezing!为什么我不能留在德国Why couldn't I have stayed in Germany...要去那里上学and gone to school there?因为父亲觉得你受到一位天才的教育很重要Because Father thought it very important  that you be educated by a genius.而且因为哈恩博士是犹太人  他是没办法留在德国的And since Dr. Hahn is a Jew,  staying in Germany was impossible.好吧Fine.但为什么天才选择留在苏格兰呢But why did the genius choose Scotland?殿下Your Royal Highness.某个外国人Some foreigner.- 你叫什么名字  - 菲利普- What's your name? - Philip.姓什么Philip what?就是菲利普It's just Philip.回去工作Hey. Back to work.菲利普跟上来Philip! Come along!殿下Your Royal Highness!大日子始于伦敦机场The big day began  at London Airport,当爱丁堡公爵出人意料地决定where the Duke of Edinburgh  surprised Prince Charles开飞机送查尔斯王子上学with the decision to fly him to school.这是相当现代的上学方式This is the really modern way  to go to school.在这个对我们未来国王最重要的日子By airplane, piloted by your father,坐着由父亲驾驶的飞机上学on this most important day  for our future king.欢迎  亲爱的哈恩博士Welcome!  My dear Dr. Hahn.- 先生欢迎回家  - 很开心能回来- Welcome home, sir. - It's good to be back.这位是查尔斯这一届的主任  坦南特先生Mr. Tennant,  the head of Charles's year.很荣幸Pleasure.- 早上好  孩子们  - 早上好  先生- Good morning, boys! - Good morning, sir.- 殿下  欢迎  - 谢谢- Your Royal Highness welcome. - Thank you.这所学校流淌在你父亲的血液里You know this school runs  in your father's blood.他是这里的第一批学生之一He was one of the first pupils here.- 他帮助建立了这个地方 - 是的  我建了那堵墙- He helped build the place. - I did, I built that wall.是  自你爸那时  事情发生了一些变化Yes. Things have changed  a little since your father's time.但不是重要的事情But not the important things.原则保持不变The principles remain unchanged.- 那好  你还没有变软弱  - 没有- Yeah, good. You haven't gone soft. - No.不想他在一些豪华酒店里被宠溺着Don't want him molly coddled  in some luxury hotel.看这  查尔斯王子This way, Prince Charles!你准备好受苦了吗Are you ready for how tough it is?离家这么远你的感受如何呢  先生How do you feel being far away, sir?很好  好  谢谢All right. Good. Thank you.这有益于他吗  先生Is this good for him, sir?这是适合他的学校吗Is this the right school for him?这是你父亲的宿舍  我们甚至给你他的老床位This was your father's dormitory.  We've even given you his old bed.- 你好  小子们  - 早上好  先生- Hello, boys. - Morning, sir.西蒙·哈珀  先生  宿舍监护人Simon Harper, sir,  dormitory guardian.西蒙会教你规则并照顾你Simon will teach you the rules and look after you.我们给你靠窗的位置  殿下We've given you the window,  Your Royal Highness.不  不  别那么叫他  就叫查尔斯No, no. Don't call him that.  It's just Charles.好的  先生  查尔斯Yes, sir. Charles.谢谢  这非常好Thank you. That's awfully kind.这是格迪斯This is Geddes.查尔斯Charles.记忆涌来吗  先生Memories flooding back, sir?是的Yes.希望是  愉快的Happy ones, I hope.这是格里菲斯This is Griffiths.最愉快的  那是谁The happiest. Who's that?皇家侦探The royal detective.宫殿坚持  以防媒体入侵The palace insisted.  In case of press intrusion.整个目的就是他学会为自我保护The whole point is the boy learns to fend for himself.别担心  我们知道我们该做什么Don't worry.  We know what's expected of us.公爵立马送查尔斯王子参加戈登斯顿The Duke wasted no time  before signing Prince Charles up臭名昭着的年度挑战赛to Gordonstoun's  infamous Annual Challenge,该挑战  以在荒凉的苏格兰高地notorious for testing endurance  and determination测试耐力和决心而恶名昭彰in the inhospitable Scottish Highlands.在戈登斯敦  身体素质被看得与学业优异一样重At Gordonstoun, fitness is valued  just as highly as academic excellence.王子肯定要受他们艰苦的The prince is sure to be put through his paces体能制度考察的by their grueling physical regime.这当然是让我们年轻的王子This is surely the place to make our young prince成为一个准备好为国服务的人的地方into a man ready to serve his country.- 这关不了  - 那是坏的- It doesn't close. - The thing's broken.- 雨落进来了  - 窗框是坏的  白痴- The rain's getting in. - The frame's broken, idiot.- 你现在又干嘛  - 移床- Now what are you doing? - Moving the bed.- 弄回去  - 但床单湿了- Put it back! - But the sheets are getting wet.弄回去否则我打你报告Put it back or I'll put you on report.关灯Lights out!快点  要迟到了Come on, we're going to be late.快点Faster!快点  小伙子Come on, lads.冲出去  赶快  早点弄完吧Push out.  Hurry up! Let's get it over with!让开  走吧Out of my way.  Let's go!快点Hurry up!起床  殿下Get up! Your Royal Highness.走啊Move.怎么了What's wrong?太冷了It's freezing.等你洗完冷水澡再说吧  快点Wait until you've had  your cold shower! Come on!最后一圈  加油One more lap. Come on!好了  来吧Right. Come on then!走吧Come on.下来Hey! Get down here!你没得选  这是分配的工作项目This isn't optional.  It's your assigned work project.这是手工劳动It's manual labor.如果哈恩想重建这  他应该雇员工去做If Hahn wants this place rebuilt,  he ought to pay the staff to do it.员工Staff...- 你以为你比我们高贵吗  - 事实上  我知道我是- Do you think you're better than us? - Actually, I know I am.把好风  有好戏了Keep a lookout. Oi. This will be good.某个杂种欧洲伯爵吗Some mongrel European count?准确的说是王子It's prince, actually.我们知道你那类人We know all about your lot.你的姐姐们都是纳粹Your sisters are all Nazis.你父亲丢你不管  和他的婊子在巴黎And your father's washed his hands of you  so he can be with his whore in Paris.是在摩纳哥Uh... It's Monaco.你母亲精神缺陷  被锁在精神病院Your mother's a mental defective,  locked away in some asylum.你谁也不是  而且你将会工作You're no one,  and you're going to do the work.为什么  因为我这样说了Why? Because I bloody well say so.走开Get off!走开Get off!来Here!坐下Sit yourself down.吉姆先动手的Jim threw the first punch.我知道什么是不公正I understand injustice.我们都是流亡者We're both exiles.都是受害者  我明白你的愤怒Both victims and I understand your anger.但在目前的道路上But on its current path,世界将充满愤怒  很快就会被毁灭the world will fill with anger  and soon will be destroyed.所以在这  远离疯狂  我们必须建立一条新路So here, away from the madness,  we must build a new way.一所新学校  一个新的哲学  一个新的精神A new school. A new philosophy.  A new ethos.世界需要救世主The world needs saviors.把愤怒放在他们身后A generation of remarkable young men拥抱痛苦和挣扎的who have put fury behind them,杰出的一代年轻人who embrace their pain and their struggle.所有人必须走进未知的世界All men must step into the unknown.在那  只有那  在仇恨愤怒和自负的湮没中There, only there, in the annihilation of hate and anger,才是我们的救赎and ego, is our salvation.我不能留在这  他们都是疯子  完全疯了I can't stay here. They're all mad.  Completely mad.表哥路易斯的婚礼可以帮到你Cousin Louis' wedding falls  in your halfterm.唐想坐飞机Don wants to fly.我会告诉他我不去  你可以跟我一起住德国I'll tell him I won't go and you can come  and stay with me, in Germany.- 只有我们俩吗  - 也许吧- Just the two of us?  - Probably.那是什么意思What does that mean?我没有告诉你 我在待产I didn't tell you. I'm expecting.待什么Expecting what?- 小生命  - 又生- A little one. - Aagain?不要那样  城堡需要人住Don't be like that.  Castles need to be filled.而且希特勒先生鼓励我们And Herr Hitler is encouraging us to have尽可能多的生孩子as many children as we can.随着德国的发展  祖国将需要更多的士兵As Germany grows,  she will need more soldiers.在吗Hello?在吗Hello?白痴Idiot!我想我会来这I thought  I would come up here看看你安顿得怎么样and see how you were settling in.交到朋友了吗Have you made friends?交了一个  应该吧One. I think.尽管有时很难理解他说的是什么Although, it's quite hard to understand  what he says sometimes.是的  我听说有些当地男孩来这上学Yes, I hear they've  let some local boys in.查尔斯Charles.虽然我很接近父亲的形象  但我不是你的父亲Even though I am close to your father,  I am not your father.那些你觉得可能会让他心烦Things you feel you cannot show him  or tell him甚至让他失望  而不能给他看because you feel they might upset him...- 是的  - 告诉他的事情Yes, sir.  Or even disappoint him...这些事你都可以跟我说Those are the things you can say to me,要知道  我绝不会告诉任何人safe in the knowledge that they will  never be repeated to anyone else.地球上的任何人Anyone else on earth.好的Yes, sir.查尔斯  如果你在这里不开心  你必须告诉我Charles, if you're not happy here,  you must tell me我能帮你摆平的and I will take care of it.傻瓜Dumbo!你在干嘛呢  为什么不换衣服吃饭去What are you doing in here?  Why aren't you dressed for dinner?- 我得跟你谈谈  - 谈什么-I need to talk to you. -What about?能关一下门吗Could you close the door?我决定把查尔斯从戈顿斯顿接回家I've made the decision to take Charles out  of Gordonstoun and bring him home.随你怎么想  他得呆在那Decide what you like. He's staying there.迪基刚告诉了我他不开心Dickie's just reported  his unhappiness to me.迪基就是个爱管闲事的傻瓜  他什么都不知道Dickie's a meddling, interfering fool  who knows nothing.要是看到一个不开心的孩子  他看得出来的Well, he knows an unhappy child  when he sees one.而大家都说  查尔斯很苦恼And by all accounts, Charles is wretched.他从醒来到睡下He's tormented from the moment  that he wakes up无时无刻都很痛苦to the moment that he goes to sleep.你知道他怎么称呼那里吗  人间炼狱  满是苏格兰短裙Do you know what he calls the place?  "Hell on earth, Colditz with kilts."- 我不想讨论这个  - 你必须听I don't want to debate this.  Well, you have to.不只是因为他是你的儿子  更是因为他是未来的国王And not just because he's your son.  Because he's the future king.被欺负的孩子一辈子都伤痕累累Bullied children are scarred for life.伤痕累累的孩子  成长后就毁了And scarred children  make destroyed adults.你我达成了协议You and I had an agreement.确保我们A deal that ensured there would be在婚姻中是平等的some level of equality between us  in the marriage.是我决定让查尔斯现在去戈登斯敦的  出去It's my decision Charles go  to Gordonstoun not now!对所有其他的孩子来说  这没事And that would be fine,  for all our other children.但查尔斯未来要继承王位But Charles is the future of the Crown.以王冠和他的母亲的名义And in the name of the Crown  and as his mother,我已经决定  要把查尔斯从戈顿斯顿接回家I have decided to take him out  of Gordonstoun and bring him home,到伊顿公学  温莎  到有归属感的地方去to Eton, to Windsor, where he belongs.你不能总是拿王冠说事You can't always fall back on the Crown.是的  我可以  我会这么做的Oh, yes, I can. And I will.那你最好记住你对我的承诺Then you would do well to remember  the promises you made to me.而违背承诺可能会对王冠造成影响And the consequence breaking those  might have on the Crown.教育查尔斯Charles's education...是我的职责is my responsibility.你的职责就是信守诺言Yours is to honor your word...守住你丈夫的心and keep your husband.- 查尔斯  - 先生你好-Charles. -Hello, sir.你准备迎接年度挑战了吗Are you preparing  for the Annual Challenge?准备好了I am.今年是爱丁堡公爵颁奖哦The Duke of Edinburgh  is giving the prize this year.我知道I know.他和我讲了很多关于这个挑战的意义He's spoken to me a great deal about  the significance of the Challenge.这个挑战是学校的伟大传统之一  但这很艰巨The Challenge is one of this school's  great traditions, but it is arduous.你认为我不能胜任You don't think I'm up to it.体力是通向自决的唯一途径Physical endurance is only one path  to selfdetermination.鉴于你的身份  在这所学校里  你有自己的挑战You have your own particular challenge  here at this school given who you are.你父亲也曾挣扎过Your father struggled, too.他的困难不太一样  更加困难  更加痛苦He had difficulties of a different kind.  Great difficulties, great pain.但他从未放弃  在他人的帮助下  他获胜了But he never gave up, and then,  with help, he prevailed.我还是想完成挑战I think I would still like  to do the Challenge, sir.这应该也是我父亲所希望的I think my father expects it.快Move!快点  孩子们  快  拉我一把Come on, boys! Let's go!   Give me a hand up!快点  继续Come on!  Go on!往上拉  快到了Pull up!  Almost there.快  帮我一把Come on. Help me up!快上来Get up here!你以为我会不记仇吗Did you think I was  going to let it go?菲利普Philip!他罪有应得Serves him right!我不指望你和每个人都相处融洽I don't expect you  to get on with everyone.我期望所有学生践行柏拉图的理念What I do expect of all my pupils  is to conform with Platonic ideals要辩论就不争吵  要争吵就不怀疑to argue without quarreling,  to quarrel without suspecting,要怀疑就不诋毁  先生to suspect without slandering.  Sir你和詹姆斯要完成额外的建筑任务You and James will have  extra building duties.- 你们可以合力建好大门  - 听着  在我看来You can work on the main gate together.  Look, in my defense我想我们都见识过你是如何怎么看待自己的I think we've all seen how you act  in your defense.下去吧Thank you.作为惩罚  我们必须在半学期内合力建个大门...and as a punishment we have  to build a gate together over halfterm,- 我不能看你了  - 哈恩博士昨天给我打电话了instead of coming to see you.  Dr. Hahn telephoned me yesterday.假期时他会让你呆在学校He's going to keep you  at school over the holidays,帮你安定下来  恐怕我同意此事to help you settle. I'm afraid I agreed.- 你要讲很久吗  - 滚开  你什么Are you going to be long?  Piss off! You did what?那我就不得不飞去参加婚礼Which leaves me obliged  to fly to the wedding.但那在伦敦But that's in London.是的  我们现在在机场Yes. We're at the airfield now.对不起  但我得走了Sorry, but I've got to go.你现在只要安定下来  好好表现  我就开心了Now you just settle and behave well.  That'll cheer me up.混蛋Prick!菲利普Philip!菲利普Philip!哈恩找你Hahn wants you!快点Hurry up!在科隆起飞后After takeoff from Cologne,受恶劣天气影响  他们无法在布鲁塞尔降落bad weather meant  they couldn't land at Brussels.所以试图在奥斯坦德降落While attempting to land in Ostend...恐怕I'm afraid...恐怕有12人遇难I'm afraid all 12 souls were lost.12人Twelve.包括4名机组人员Including the four crew.但4名机组人员  加上塞西尔  唐  路易和亚历山大  是8个人But with four crew, plus Cecile,  Don, Ludwig and Alexander, that's eight.还有大公爵的母亲Also the Grand Duke's mother,一名护士  乔西姆·弗雷尔·冯雷德赛a nurse, Joachim Freiherr von Riedesel.11个人Eleven.你姐姐一定是在飞机上And your sister Cecile must have gone  into labor生产了on the flight.失事残骸里发现了一个新生儿A newborn was found in the wreckage.安排Arrangements...他去哪了Where is he?菲利普  你在哪Philip, where are you?菲利普Philip!菲利普Philip!菲利普  拜托Philip! Come on!菲利普  菲利普Philip!  Philip!菲利普Philip!菲利普  菲利普Philip!  Philip!他在湖里He's in the lake!快Come on!先生Sir!回去Go home!回学校Back to the school!灯笼给我Give me the lantern.你也是You too.早班火车将在明早4点45he milk train will leave Inverness station离开因弗内斯站at 4:45 tomorrow morning.你会上车的You will be on it.你将从伦敦飞往柏林  然后和你叔叔去达姆施塔特From London, you will fly to Berlin  and then on to Darmstadt with your uncle,参加你姐夫  你侄子to attend the funeral  of your brotherinlaw,你姐姐的葬礼your nephews and your sister.这并非易事It will not be easy.当你回来的时候  我们将成为你的家人But when you return,  we  will be your family.学校就是你的家This school will be your home.过来Now come!坚强一点Be strong!菲利普Philip!菲利普Philip.菲利普Philip.继续走Go on.继续往前走Go on.过来  菲利普Philip, come.妈妈  是菲利普Mama. It's Philip.您的儿子Your son.他竟然还有胆出现在这里I'm surprised  he dare show himself here.爸爸Papa!如果不是因为菲利普不守纪律Had it not been for Philip  and his indiscipline...她就不会乘坐那班飞机she would never have taken that flight.这是真的It's true.是不是  小子Isn't it, boy?我们在这里埋葬自己最爱的孩子  你就是罪魁祸首You're the reason we're all here  burying my favorite child.把他给我赶出去Get him out of here.也许你现在会恨他You may hate him now,但总有一天  上帝保佑  你自己会成为父亲but one day, God willing,  you will be a father yourself.和所有的父母一样  你也会有不足And you will fall short,  as all parents do.会被孩子憎恨And be hated.你也会知道祈求自己儿子的原谅是什么滋味And you will know what it is to pray  for the forgiveness from your own son.菲利普  你要去哪里Philip.  Where are you going?进屋去Get inside.我觉得他需要帮助  先生I think he needs help, sir.他不开口就说明他不需要  走吧Not until he's asked for it. Come.继续走Move on!他来了He's here.帮帮我Help.大声点Speak up.我  我需要帮助I I need help.那么So...现在我们走吧Now we go.男孩们Boys.来吧  男孩们Come on, boys.三  二  开始动手Three, two...  Hands on.一  举起来One.  Lift up!稳住  小心Steady.  Careful.停  往后拉  往后Stop. Pull back. Back.好  好Yeah.  Yeah.很好  干的不错  男孩们Good. Well done, boys.你也不错  菲利普You too, Philip.每一个戈登斯敦的学生都要面对前面的挑战The challenge ahead is one  that faces every Gordonstounian.你们的路线是18英里Your route is 18miles long.手电Torch.你们是戈登斯敦的学生You are Gordonstounians,你们背负着期待去面对挑战and you are expected  to rise to the challenge.你不止于此  先生们  你不止于此Plus est en vous , gentlemen.  There is more in each of you.你不止于此Plus est en vous.快点儿Hurry up!出发吧  啥Go on!   What?出发呀Go on!往前走啊  查尔斯  快点儿Get a move on, Charlie! Hurry up!追上他们  快  出发呀Catch them up! Quick! Go on!快点儿  快点儿Hurry up!  Hurry up!把它丢了  继续前进Just leave it. Keep going.你好  先生  你能回来真好Hello, sir!  It's good to have you back!这绝对是我的荣幸It's my absolute pleasure.他怎么样了How's he doing?嗯  他们两点钟应该都会回来Well... they should all be back  at two o'clock.对不起  先生Sorry, sir.没关系  皮克林  格里菲思Never mind.  And Pickering. Griffiths.查尔斯到了吗  我看一下Is Charles here?  Let me have a look.查尔斯在哪里  他老早就落在我们后面了Where's Charles?  We lost him, quite early on.格迪斯  好了  各位  尽快把衣服换好Geddes. Right, everyone,  get changed quick as you can!谢谢Thank you.皮考克先生 我们的学术带头人Mr. Peacock, the head of our studies.你好  很高兴见到你How do you do? Good to see you.最后是B队And finally, Team B.我们应该开始演讲了Well, I think we should start  the presentation.再多等十分钟Ten more minutes.当然Of course.查尔斯Charles?查尔斯Charles?查尔斯Charles?好吧  不等了  我们开始吧Right! That's it. Let's begin.谢谢  谢谢  非常感谢各位Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you very much!我很高兴能来这里Well, it's a great joy to be here也非常乐意见到这么多快乐健康英俊的面孔and a great pleasure to see  so many happy, healthy, handsome faces.年度挑战是非常独特的测试The Annual Challenge is a unique test.为了完成它  所有的参赛者需要高尚的品格  毅力In completing it, all participants will  have shown great character, stamina,最重要的是and most of all...是他  他去哪儿了It's him. Where's he been?最重要的是  勇气...and most of all, courage.戈登斯敦的精神The ethos at Gordonstoun是信奉团结合作而不是个人主义is to embrace the community  over the individual,是信奉团队而不是明星the team over the star.我很荣幸将这个美妙的奖杯And so it gives me great pleasure  to present this wonderful trophy,爱丁堡公爵杯  颁发给优胜队the Duke of Edinburgh Cup,  to the winning team,也就是C队which I believe is Team C.由西蒙哈珀领导的队伍Led by Simon Harper.男孩们  别光坐在那儿  过来领奖杯Well, don't just sit there, boy!  Come and collect it!祝贺你们  非常棒Congratulations. Good work.做得好  棒小伙儿  太棒了Well done! Good lad! Well done!我希望你知道  要是你因为I want you to know, if you're feeling bad今天没有完成挑战而感到很糟糕about where you finished  in that challenge today...但我对此不觉得有什么it's of no consequence to me.我理解这种体能测试对你来说不容易I understand that these sorts of physical  tests don't come naturally to you.但是你展示了自己的勇气But you showed great courage还有决心and determination.别担心Don't worry about it.不管你现在是否感到羞愧  我跟你保证Whatever shame you may or may not  be feeling, I can assure you我跟你一样大的时候  因为我做过的一些事情it's nothing compared to the shame I felt  at your age,我比你羞愧的多over something I did.我害了我最爱的姐姐  哦To my favorite sister.  Oh!塞西尔  她最讨厌飞行Cecile. She hated flying.她对飞行既厌恶又害怕Loathed it, terrified of it.她总是在飞行的时候穿一身黑衣服  好像去参加自己葬礼似的She always dressed in black  when she flew, for her own funeral.无论怎样  是库尔特·哈恩和这所学校让我振作起来Anyway, the point is that Kurt Hahn  and that school put me back together,让我更加坚强  查尔斯toughened me up. Charles...痛苦The pain...以及挣扎是馈赠  查尔斯The struggle is a gift, Charles.是一个你必须深入探究自己的时机This is the moment you have to dig deep.如果此刻你解决了它  将来你就不需要再为此挣扎You put the work in now  and you won't struggle in the future.你得坚强一点  孩子  因为前面的路还有很多困难But you've got to toughen up a little,  boy, for what is ahead of you.不要担心  只是气流Don't worry about it! It's just air!我知道你还可以做得更好  查尔斯I know there's more in you, Charles.你要变得更强大  你要去找到自己的强大You've got to be strong,  and you've got to find it.只是气流而已It's just air!让他过来  别懦弱Get him back here!  Don't be so weak!别这么懦弱Don't be so bloody weak!查尔斯  没事的Charles, it's all right.查尔斯Charles!没事的It's all right.风速在增强Winds are picking up...爸爸Daddy!爸爸Daddy!爸爸Daddy!亲爱的安妮  我最爱的小姑娘过得好吗Darling Anne!  How's my favorite little girl?快点  爸爸  来了  我来了Faster, Daddy!  I'm coming, I'm coming!谢谢Thank you.你一定饿了吧  想让我给你做个三明治吗You must be hungry.  Like me to make you a sandwich?是的  麻烦你  你好  马丁Yes, please. Hello, Martin!翻译  奥斯汀妹妹翻译  1896翻译  MonicaSmiles翻译  AgnesLee校对 MonicaSmiles调整  转轮手枪特效  小螺号统筹  麦斯顾问  马萨诸塞de召唤时间轴  小螺号王   冠第二季     第九集一家之主擦枪字幕组XGunSubTeam原创译制mcar.cc荣誉出品合作洽谈     Q:864413459■■■人人视频APP在线观看美剧离线高清缓存更有海量高清电影扫码即刻下载特别推荐■各大应用市场均可下载■Xgun擦枪小组 有偿招募译制成员 诚邀阁下加入Q群：545053435请注明职务：翻译、听译、aegisub特效（熟练手）对字幕有任何意见和建议的同学请加Q群：544487177另：招募长期居住加拿大、美国的童鞋帮忙录制CC字幕（有偿）联系QQ：864413459   请注明：CC录制