人类总是对自己的起源感到困惑Man has always puzzled over his origin.他们的起源His genesis.我们是上帝的手笔吗Created by God?还是进化的产物Or a product of evolution?如果我们能同时If we could see yesterday and tomorrow见到昨天今日at the same time,初始与终结the origin and the end,能在特定时间点感受到整个宇宙the entire universe in a single moment,那我们可能终将we might finally find answers找到史上最大问题的答案to the biggest questions of all.人到底是什么What is man?人类由何而来Where does he come from?人的动力是什么What drives him?最终  人的使命是什么What is his purpose?一切尽在现在每家都该看看的重要核电站投资你说在建筑工地被发现的男孩The boys they found  at the construction site...是不是有人也用同样方法对待了他Do you think  someone did the same thing with him?还是说Or...我斥责他的裤子太狠了maybe I gave him  too much of a scolding about the pants.也许这是他逃跑的原因Maybe that's why he ran away.你去哪Where are you going?去警局To the police.早上好Good morning.多普勒来了Doppler's here.在你办公室等着In your office.说他儿子失踪了Says his boy has disappeared.也许你说还会有更多受害者是对的Maybe you were right  about there being more to come.等一下  局长  昨天有个男人来了There was a man here yesterday.说自己儿子也失踪了He said that his son had disappeared.他想问找到的几具尸体里有没有他儿子He wanted to know  if one of the dead children was his boy.他是谁What man?从没见过他I don't know, but...他打听了多普勒的孩子he asked about Doppler's boy.告诉警官们  并放出全境通告Tell the officers and put out an APB.别和多普勒透露一点消息And not a word to Doppler!多普勒先生Mr. Doppler.卡恩瓦尔德先生和我说  你儿子失踪了Mr. Kahnwald told me that...  your son has gone missing.是的  昨天就不见了Yes, since yesterday.具体什么时间And when was that exactly?我太太说大概3点My wife said it was around three o'clock.泰德曼先生Mr. Tiedemann.请务必找到我儿子I want you to find my son.不管需要我干什么  都请一定找到他Whatever it costs.  I don't care about anything else.即使是核电站对我来说都不重要了The nuclear plant, anything at all.把我儿子带回来Just bring me back my son.格雷琴Gretchen!格雷琴Gretchen!过来啊  格雷琴Here, Gretchen!快来Come here!格雷琴Gretchen!你换发型之后好像詹姆斯·迪恩You almost look like James Dean  with that haircut.特龙特  温顿的姑娘们会为你着迷的The girls in Winden  will be after you in droves.到时候你就知道了You'll see.你有女友吗Do you have a girlfriend?你为什么离开原来的地方Why did you leave where you come from?你是逃跑的银行劫匪吗Are you bank robbers on the run?我妈妈想要搬家My mother wanted a change.你妈妈非常美丽  我从未见过如此优雅的人Your mother is a very beautiful woman.  I've never seen anyone so elegant.这就感觉好像英国女王在我家里邀请我喝茶一样I feel like the Queen of England  has invited me to tea.转一圈Turn around.你真美You're beautiful.女王会很欢迎你做客的The Queen would be glad to have you visit.给你了It's yours.不行  那埃贡又会说什么呢No. What would Egon say?他会说什么呢What could he say?你们结婚多久了  艾格尼丝How long were you married?15年了Fifteen years.我们快十年了It's been nearly ten for Egon and me.但不知道怎么一切都改变了But somehow everything has changed.他变了He has changed.他不像以前一样常待在家了He's not home as much as he used to be.整日忙于工作His work.你丈夫做什么工作What kind of work did your husband do?他是牧师He was a pastor.但我不能确定他是个虔诚的人But I can't say he was a man of faith.你很想念他吗Do you miss him a lot?他并不是个好人He wasn't a good person.有时候我觉得他死了是好事Sometimes I think it's good he's dead.这样我就自由了And that I'm free.我不能接受它  最好脱下来I can't accept it. I'd better take it off.我向神祈祷I prayed to God在降生之前带走那个孩子to get rid of the child  before it was ever born.在我生出他之后  我每日祈祷And after I had him, I prayed every day他会出事that something would befall him.因为他可能不是贝恩德的孩子Because he may not be Bernd's child.我认为他并不是爱的结晶Because maybe he wasn't a child  created out of love, but...这就是我的心事That's what's in my head.我每日都会自责Every day.无法逃离I can't escape it.都是我的错It's my fault.我们都背负着罪孽We are all full of sin.并没有纯洁的人类No pure human being exists.但不管我们做什么But no matter what we do,我们都不会掉出神的掌心we never fall any lower  than into God's hands.万一伸出手的不是上帝呢And what if they aren't God's hands?万一是恶魔之手呢What if they are the hands of the devil?上帝派我来你身边了  不是吗God sent me to you. Did he not?每个人的相遇都不是偶然的We don't meet the people we meet  by accident.触碰到其他人生命时  也触动了自己的We touch the lives of others  and are touched ourselves,因此是上帝的手带领我们走向真正的命运and thus God's hands guide us  to our true destiny.我们祈祷吧Let us pray.尽管我走过被死亡阴影笼罩的黑暗山谷Even though I walk  through the darkest valley,我也不惧怕恶魔I will fear no evil...因为你与我同在for you are with me...你的杖和杆  安慰了我your rod and your staff, they comfort me.即使有敌人  你也为我准备了一桌筵席You prepare a table before me  in the presence of my enemies.你为我的头脑涂了圣油  使我福杯满溢You anoint my head with oil;  my cup overflows.你的善良和慈爱会跟随我的一生Surely your goodness and love  will follow me all the days of my life,我必长久住在永恒主的殿中and I will dwell  in the house of the Lord forever.停下Stop there!站住Stop!我是警察Police!站住Stop!快Stop!快停下  警察Stop! Police!不许动Stop!手举起来Hands up!你对施工地的两个男孩做了什么What did you do to the two boys  at the construction site?海格在哪Where's Helge?那也是你干的That was you too.那两个孩子吗  不可能The two boys? That's impossible.他们不可能出现在那  我已经改了They can't be there. I changed that.你改了什么What did you change?时间的轨迹The course of time.海格死了Helge's dead.就永远没办法再杀人了Helge will never be able to kill again.你是个疯子You're a madman!转过去Go on, turn around.快点Turn around!跪下Down! On your knees!但我已经改了啊But I changed it.站起来Get up!但我改了But I changed it.滚吧Piss off.我只想知道乌尔里希还在监狱吗I just wanted to know,  is Ulrich still in prison?他们必须今天放了他They have to release him today.泰德曼说了谁告发的他吗Did Tiedemann say who told him?你和乌尔里希呢And you and Ulrich?- 我们怎么了  - 不知道-What about us?  -I don't know.如果你继续和他在一起  你妈妈不会疯掉吗Won't your mom freak out  if you keep seeing him?我不在乎I don't care.别想挑拨我们俩  我们是真爱Nobody's going to come between us.  That's love, you know.爱比恨要强韧  但你还不懂It's stronger than hate.  But you don't get that yet.要是我知道谁告密的If I find out who told the cops that...我就弄死他I'm going to clobber them.可能是瑞金纳干的Maybe it was Regina.毕竟泰德曼是她外公I mean, Tiedemann is her grandfather.再见See you.我当警察40多年了I've been a police officer  for over 40 years.你的脸Your face.你的眼神  我见过那眼神Your stare. I know that stare.我知道你瞒了我们什么I know that you've got something to hide.整件事和你有某种关系That you've got  something to do with all of this.- 我全身都能感受到  - 可能你得癌症了-I can feel it in my bones.  -Maybe it's cancer.你最好去医院看看You might want to get that checked out.你离我家人远一点I want you to stay away from our family.我会确保你不能插手马茨的案子And I'm going to make sure  you're taken off Mads' case.格雷琴Gretchen?不敢相信你进监狱了I can't believe you were in jail.这太扯淡了That's really harsh.泰德曼为什么把你关起来Why does Tiedemann have it in for you?他以为我是反基督徒He thinks I'm the Antichrist.泰德曼Hey, Tiedemann!你个四眼田鸡Damn four-eyes!你知道你做了什么  想为了夏天的事报复我吗I know what you did.  You trying to get me back for the summer?那只是个游戏  我们不会然你整夜留在那的It was a game. We wouldn't have left you  hanging there all night.我们也不知道你这么脆弱We couldn't have known  you were so damn fragile!我得走了I have to go.看到了吗  这是我妈干的  知道为什么吗See this? My mom did this. And why?- 因为你和自己外公乱说话  - 我真的没说-Because you fed your grandpa bullshit!  -I didn't. Honest.污蔑强奸  这就是你最大能耐吗Rape!  Is that the best you could come up with?别这样  卡塔琳娜Come on, Katharina!你让我恶心You make me sick!- 你去哪  - 别这样-Where are you going?  -Hey, stop!- 滚开  和你无关  - 你不许碰她-Screw off! It's none of your business.  -I told you to stop.我还说了让你滚开And I told you to screw off.和她道歉Apologize to her.你最好快点开始道歉I said you should apologize.我怎么知道那是不是真的And how do I know it's real?你们快点滚出这里You two get the hell out of here,  and fast.如果你再伤害她And if you hurt her again,我就毁了你I'll finish you.一切都会好转Everything's okay.谢谢Thanks.你流血了You're bleeding.- 没那么糟  - 你必须看看医生-It's not so bad.  -You have to see a doctor.我们家里有绷带We have bandages at home.我妈不在家My mother isn't home.我可以帮你I can do it.你是谁What's your name?亚历山大Aleksander.告诉我夏天到底发生了什么Tell me exactly what happened  in the summer.我已经说过了I already told you.音量控制系统An incident.- 发生了意外  - 这解释并不够-In the volume control system.  -That's not good enough for me.那场意外是由化学进料系统的某种受腐蚀接头引起The connections to the chemical  feed-in system were corroded.肯定是造成了氢气在受腐蚀的补给线中积聚Hydrogen gas must have collected  in one of the tubes.就爆炸了Boom!所以并没有做防范措施It wasn't a precaution.- 管道为了这样才改变的  - 每个人看法不同-That's why the tubes were changed.  -It is what we make of it.我们的报告结果又是另一回事And what the reports say.说实话我们很走运We were lucky.只泄露了一点放射性材料Only an insignificant amount  of radioactive material leaked out.我们将整个楼层一点一点拆光了  所有东西都放在了安全的地方We had the entire floor removed  and stored everything in a safe place.你管那里叫安全的地方吗You call that a safe place?那里和任何正式的暂存机构一样安全As safe as any other  official interim storage facility.- 这事都谁知道  - 夜班的时候发生的-Who knows about it?  -It happened during the nightshift.当时有轮班主任  一部分雇员  还有海格The shift supervisor,  a handful of employees, Helge.没有人会透露一个字  他们都得到了丰厚的奖金No one will talk,  they all got a fat bonus.别把这事扩大化Don't make  a bigger deal out of it than it is.那晚In the night...还发生别的事了吗  在那之外的其他事Was there more? Did anything else happen?有什么异常吗Anything strange?在地洞里有什么吗In the cave, anything...- 爆炸会不会造成  - 你以为发生了什么呢-Anything the explosion may have...  -Just what might have happened there?你真觉得汉尼拔骑大象登上了阿尔卑斯山吗Do you believe that Hannibal  marched over the Alps with elephants?真正的真相并不存在  只有故事There are no truths, just stories.整个镇上的故事就靠你了And the story of this city  is now in your hands.我们的核电站安全吗Is our power plant safe?切尔诺贝利的事件会在我们这里重演吗Can something like Chernobyl  happen in our plant?讲什么故事的决定权在你手中You decide what story you want to tell.早上10点半  采访  海格·多普勒  为何不选择森林之路海格Helge?海格Helge!亚历山大·科勒Aleksander K?hler.生于1965年1月21日Born January 21, 1965.有个年轻人来见你  说是你女儿的朋友A young man is here to see you.  He said he's your daughter's friend.- 她朋友吗  - 是的-Her friend?  -Yes.他想找工作  如果我没理解错He's looking for work,  if I understood him correctly.好吧Yes.我是亚历山大I'm Aleksander.所以你是我女儿的朋友吗So you're a friend of my daughter's?我一直以为她对男孩没兴趣And all this time  I thought she didn't care about boys.我初来乍到  想要找工作I'm new in town. Looking for work.瑞金纳说你可能可以帮我Regina told me  you might be able to help me.- 你受过训练吗  - 有  我是金工工人-Do you have training?  -I'm a metalworker.我可以非常努力工作I can work. Hard.我学的还很快I'm a fast learner.你不是本地人吧You're not from here?我只想得到一个机会All I'm asking for is a chance.很抱歉I'm sorry.现在我们并不招人We don't need anyone at the moment.但也许很快会需要人  我该怎么联系你But maybe we will soon.  Where can I reach you?那我明天再来I'll just come by again tomorrow.为什么不管用Why doesn't it work?会好的  有点耐心It will. Be patient.你觉得爱因斯坦会放弃吗Do you think Einstein  would have given up so fast?只有向我们这样的先锋才能坚持完成他们的梦想It is the fate of pioneers  to persistently pursue their aim.在其他人失去信仰时继续相信To believe, although no one believes.我不想再做了I don't want to do this anymore.为什么上帝希望这事发生Why would God want any of this?是Yes.为什么呢Why would God want any of this?像你一样看了一眼地狱之后就很难忘记了After looking into hell,  as you have, it can never be forgotten.你的一部分留在了地狱中It becomes a part of you.然后上帝  救世主耶稣成为了你依靠的一线希望And the idea of God, of Jesus the Savior,  becomes a thread of hope you cling to.我们都知道黑暗渴望光明的普照  但是All of us who know the darkness  long for the light, but...上帝并不存在there is no God!这个洞并不是上帝所造God didn't make this hole among us.上帝并没有安排God doesn't have a plan.从来就没有任何安排There is no plan at all.一切都处于混沌中There's nothing but chaos out there.除了痛苦Pain...就是混沌and chaos!人性本恶People are bad.他们充满恶意与邪念Malicious, evil.生活只不过是无尽的痛苦Life is nothing but a spiral of pain.这个世界注定要被摧毁And the world is doomed to be destroyed.但这个But this here...是我们的方舟This is our ark.而我是诺亚And I'm Noah.如果我们能够利用能量  就可以改变一切If we can harness this energy,  we can change everything.我们可以决定世界的命运Then we decide the world's fate,让他们远离所有邪恶和痛苦far removed from all the evil  and from all pain.我们创造一个时光机We'll create a time machine改变从开始到终结的一切that reorders everything,  the beginning and the end.夏洛特  问题并不在于谁绑架了孩子  而是何时Charlotte, the question isn't  who kidnapped the children, but when?我说对了  是海格·多普勒  不是现在的他  而是1986年的那个I was right. Helge Doppler.  Not now, but in 1986.你听到之后立即给我回电话Call me back immediately  when you hear this.乌尔里希在哪Where's Ulrich?我以为你们在一起I thought he was with you.我一直想联系他  但他关机了I tried to reach him,  but his phone is off.- 昨晚他在这吗  - 你不知道吗-Was he not here yesterday either?  -Don't you know?- 什么意思  - 他被停职了-Do I know what?  -He's suspended.我想说他和你们一起会比较好I thought it was better  if he was with you guys.和我们一起会比较好吗It's better if he's with us?你以为我们在家会手拉手坐沙发上吗You think we sit at home holding hands?我真蠢I'm an idiot!我们儿子失踪了  他却去找淫妇胡搞了Our son is missing, and he's got  nothing better to do than screw that slut.不  夏洛特  这样并不好No, Charlotte, it isn't better this way!我要走了I have to go.给Here.你从哪找到的Where did you get it?我在桥下找到的I found it under the bridge.我们上床不意味着你能了解我的一切Just because we fuck doesn't mean you have to know everything about me.我不想伤害你  好吧I don't want to hurt you, okay?但我确实想了解你I want to know who you are.你的内心Who you really are.今天不行  好吗Not today, okay?喂  是我  赶紧给我回电话Hey, it's me. Call me back, for crying out loud!弗兰齐斯卡Franziska?玛莎Martha.为什么我们总是互相保有秘密呢Why is it that we all keep secrets from one another?有些事情自己知道就好Some things you just want to keep to yourself.- 卡塔琳娜  怎么是你  - 他在哪- Katharina! This is a surprise. - Where is he?谁Who?别装傻  乌尔里希Don't act so stupid. Ulrich!他在这里吗Is he here?不在No.他怎么会在这里Why would he be here?你个两面派的混蛋You lying piece of shit!你们多长时间了How long has it been going on?一个月  半年A month? Half a year?还是更久Or longer?我I...- 我  - 我我我我- I...  - I... I... I... !我不知道我儿子去哪了  也不知道我丈夫去哪了I don't know where my son is! And I don't know where my husband is!是我丈夫  你明白吗My husband! Do you understand?你们在这里做过吗Did you fuck here?还是这里Or here?这里Here!还是在我家  我床上Or in my house? In my bed?他不在家He isn't here.你觉得这很好玩吗Is it fun for you?嗯Yeah?这给你性欲吗  毁掉你朋友的生活Does it turn you on? Destroying the lives of others?我的生活和我孩子的生活My life and my children's lives?你扭着屁股找他的时候你想过这些吗Did you think about that when you stuck your scrawny ass out for him?我们结束了It's over.都结束了It's over.我结束的I ended it.我从来没想要过这样I never wanted any of it.但是But...他就是不肯停he just didn't let up.你知道他是什么样子You know how he can be.他想要离开你He wanted to leave you.我告诉他这是疯了I told him that was crazy.他说他不再爱你了He said that he didn't love you anymore.他说他爱我That he loves me.但我想告诉你  卡塔琳娜  都结束了But I want you to know that it's over now, Katharina.都结束了It's over.我能帮助你吗Can I help you?你一定是巴托斯吧You must be Bartosz.我是克劳迪娅  你姥姥I'm Claudia, your grandmother.你妈妈在家吗Is your mother home?我妈妈总说我姥姥在我出生前就去世了My mother told me you died before I was born.你妈妈肯定跟你说过很多关于我的疯狂的故事I'm sure your mother told you lots of stories about me.只有一些是真的Only some of them are true.这和多年前看起来很不一样了It looks much different than it did.他们加了很多东西There was no addition.为什么我妈妈跟我说你死了Why did Mom tell me you're dead?对你妈妈来说  我是死了For your mom, I'm sure I am.我不算是个好妈妈I wasn't a particularly good mother, you know.你继承了二人的很多特征You're a lot like the two of them.你的眼睛Your eyes.你的下巴Your chin.你很像他们You look a lot like your parents.如果你没有死If you're not dead,这些年你都在哪where were you all these years?说来话长了That's a long story.也许有朝一日我会讲给你听Maybe I'll tell you one day.瑞金纳很晚才会回来Regina won't be home till late.- 你要等她吗还是  - 不是今天- Are you going to wait or...?  - Not today.我还有事情I have to take care of something.我想让你把这张照片给她  你能帮我吗I want you to give her this. Will you do that for me?这是以前照的That was before.在那个夏天和之后的一切之前Before that summer and everything else that followed it.我当时犯了很多错误I made lots of mistakes back then.相信我  如果我能回到过去Believe me, if I could turn back time,我肯定不会那样做的I would do lots of things differently.嗯  很棒Yes, that's good.舒服That's good.等一下Just a second.你认出来这个包了么Do you recognize it?这么多年来我一直在想我为什么留着它All these years I've wondered why I kept it.但是一切都有原因的But there's a time for everything.别担心Don't worry.里面的东西很安全The contents are in safe keeping.你想要什么What do you want?为什么有的人什么都有  而有的人什么都没有Why do some people have everything and some nothing?为什么你和瑞金纳有一个漂亮的家Why do you and Regina have a beautiful home而我连电费都付不起and I can't even pay my electrical bill?为什么命运给一些人那么好的生活  其他人什么都没有Why does fate predestine a good life for some and not for others?- 你想要钱  - 不  不是钱- Do you want money?  - I don't want any money.我想让你帮帮我I want you to do me a favor.我想要你帮我毁掉乌尔里希I want you to destroy Ulrich.我想让他失去一切I want him to lose everything.懂了吗Everything.你有什么想法  我怎么能做到这个How am I supposed to do that? What do you have in mind?我不管你怎么做或者需要买通谁  毁掉他就行I don't give a damn how you do it or who you pay, just destroy him!鲍里斯·尼尔伍德Boris Niewald.这名字很有趣嘛  它更适合你Interesting name. I think it suits you much better.你好Hello.你好Hello.- 我要走了  - 你要走哪去- I have to go.  - You have to go?你能告诉我发生了什么吗Can you tell me what's going on?我联系你好几天了  你连回我短信都不行吗I've been trying to reach you for days, and you don't even write back!之前那个是什么意思What was that after rehearsal?你就想和我亲一个You just make out with me.你是不是觉得  玛莎不太正常  所以我趁机占占便宜Did you think, "The chick's unstable, so I'll take what I can get"?天哪  说点什么God, say something!这是不对的It was wrong.- 什么不对  - 我们之间的事- What was wrong?  - The thing with us.是不对的It wasn't right.因为巴托斯Because of Bartosz?不  不是因为巴托斯No, not because of Bartosz.是因为我们Because of us.是It...我们不合适We're just not a good match, okay?我们不合适We're not a good match?嗯  就是行不通Yeah, we're not a good match.这个事情全毁了The whole thing is wrong.我们都是错的We're wrong.所以这是错的吗So this is wrong?抱歉I'm sorry.我想让你帮我个忙I want you to do me a favor.我需要乌尔里希·尼尔森的信息I need information on Ulrich Nielsen.- 一切可能有用的信息  - 好- Anything that could be useful. - Okay.那卡车的事怎么办And what'll we do with the truck?过几天In a few days,等一切都尘埃落定之后when everything has calmed down,我们再把那些桶拿回来we'll bring the barrels back.你说对了You were right.你预测的所有事情都发生了Everything you predicted has happened.你有考虑过我的提议吗Did you think about my offer?有Yes.我有活儿给你  但有个要求I have work for you, but on one condition.你不能You can't speak of it.和任何人说With anyone.什么时候开始When do I start?五十欧元吹个萧要不要  你想要的话我让你摸摸我两腿中间Blowjob, 50 euros. You can feel me up between the legs too.算了Well, forget it then.你都不知道你错过了什么You have no idea what you're missing.我能帮你什么吗Can I help you?其实我们已经关门了We're actually closed.我有个东西你可能感兴趣I think I have something that could interest you.我想让你帮我造这个东西I want you to build this for me.这是干什么的What's that supposed to be?这是个能完全改变时间轨迹的机器It's something that will set the course of time straight.米克尔在什么时间暗  黑第一季   第九集擦枪字幕组XGunSubTeam原创译制mcar.cc荣誉出品合作洽谈     Q:864413459翻 译   奥斯汀妹妹翻 译   苏打翻 译   马萨诸塞de召唤校 对   苏打特 效   转轮手枪时 间 轴   小螺号统 筹   Kate■■■人人视频APP在线观看美剧离线高清缓存更有海量高清电影扫码即刻下载特别推荐■各大应用市场均可下载■Xgun擦枪小组 有偿招募译制成员 诚邀阁下加入Q群：545053435请注明职务：翻译、听译、aegisub特效（熟练手）另：招募长期居住加拿大、美国的童鞋帮忙录制CC字幕（有偿）联系QQ：864413459   请注明：CC录制