请大家注意？May I have your attention, please?路边仅供临时上下车The curbside is for immediate loading and unloading only.禁止停车 等待或停靠 直到...No parking, waiting, or stopping, until...【远 山 恋 人】请各位乘客注意...Attention, passengers...应该加派人手 我会赶不上飞机的They should have more personnel. I'm going to miss my flight.我空等一个多小时了I'm standing here for over an hour.抱歉Excuse me.- 抱歉 我不是搭乘头等舱 - 好的- Excuse me. I'm not in first class. - Okay.我要乘机前往丹佛 40分钟后起飞I'm on the Denver flight that leaves in 40 minutes.可以在这补办登机吗？我没有托运行李Could you check me in here? I only have carry-on.你不会迟到的 班机取消了You're not gonna miss it. That flight's been canceled.请到那边的客服处 他们会协助你的 真是抱歉If you go right over to customer service, they can help you. I'm sorry.我已经说过了I told you already.最快要等到明天早上才能飞Tomorrow morning is the earliest flight I can put you on.这样不行 好吗？我是外科医生That's not good enough, okay? I'm a surgeon.我明天得赶到巴尔的摩 替病人紧急手术 好吗？I have an emergency surgery to perform in Baltimore tomorrow, okay?他是个10岁的小男孩Look, he's 10 years old. He's a 10-year-old boy.马克 如果真的没办法 我会从机场直接过去Mark, I can come straight from the airport if I have to.艾玛可以带着婚妙跟我会合 让我在出租车上换装Emma can meet me there with the dress, and I can just change in the back of a cab.我妈也在吗？天啊Is my mother there? Oh, Lord.我会到的I'll be there.亲爱的 我一定会到的 好吗？Oh, honey. I'll be there, okay?我先去把这事解决 好 拜拜Look, let me go, so I can figure this out. Okay. Bye.要我今晚飞那里都行 只要明早能到I'll fly wherever I have to tonight to get there for tomorrow morning.- 你可以帮忙吗？- 恐怕今晚- Can you help me? - I'm afraid there won't be已经没有班机离开这了 因为暴风雨要来了any more flights tonight because of the storm coming through here.- 你刚刚说过了 - 所以我建议你...- No, you said that. - So, I would suggest...我需要赶到丹佛转搭红眼航班I need to get to Denver for the red-eye.趁旅馆还没爆满赶紧去办入住that you get a voucher before the hotels fill up.- 好 - 对 等等- Right. Okay. - Yes, hold on.对的 不 是我Yep. No, it's just me.可以借枝笔吗？Could I get a pen? Uh-huh.好Yes.等一下 甜心Hold on, one second, sweetheart.先生？先生 抱歉Sir? Sir, I'm sorry.抱歉 我无意听到的 我们应该遇到了同样的问题Sorry, I couldn't help hearing. I think we may have the same problem.我想在天黑前抵达丹佛 好转搭红眼航班前往纽约I'm trying to get to Denver before dark, so I can catch a red-eye to New York.我查过了 出租车都没了There's no rental cars. I checked for rental cars.他告诉我班机取消了...He's told me that the flights are canceled, so...我知道 我有个主意No, I know. I have an idea.您贵姓？What's your name?艾莉克丝·马丁Alex Martin.你呢？Yours?- 班 - 啊- Ben. - Ah.有人吗？Hello?（蓝湖包机公司）- 有人吗？华特在吗？- 就是我- Hello? Walter. - That's me.艾莉克丝 我们通过电话Alex. We spoke.知道 你好Yeah. Hey.- 是的 - 什么事这么赶？- Yeah. - So, what's the rush?哦 实际上 我明天要结婚 所以...Oh. Actually, I'm getting married tomorrow, so...那可不能错过 是吧？Can't miss that, can you?恭喜了Congratulations.- 哦 不不不 不是我们 - 不 我们不是情侣- Oh, no, no. No, we're not together. - No, we're not getting married.- 我们才刚刚认识 - 对- We just met. - No.跑道上有一架双引擎飞机能载两个人I got a twin on the tarmac. Can take two.八百元$800.成交Done.哦Oh!- 嘿 - 别担心 他对人很友善的- Hey! - Don't worry about him. He loves people.哦 是吗？嘿Oh, yeah? Hey!喔Whoa.我马上就好 你先陪狗玩一会儿I won't be long. You stick with the dog.我准备好他会让你知道的He'll let you know when I'm ready.嘿Hey.我们该先查好丹佛的班机时间We should check the time of the Denver red-eye.午夜起飞 5点45分才能到肯尼迪国际机场Midnight. Gets into JFK about quarter to six.我已经订好两张票 机位剩不多了I booked us a couple of tickets. There weren't that many left.- 哦 真的吗？- 对- Oh, you did? - Yeah.谢谢Thank you.飞行计划提交了吗？Filed your flight plan?没必要 天还没黑 我可以目视飞行No need to. Still light out. I can go VFR.暴风雨怎么办？What about the storm?- 我们会绕过去的 - 你确定吗？- We'll beat it out. - You sure?我曾飞过F5战斗机到越南Flew F-5s into Vietnam.除非有人开枪扫射 不然一定飞得到As long as nobody is shooting at me, I'll get you there.你怎么会来爱达华？So, what took you to Idaho?医学研讨会Medical conference.你住在纽约？You live in New York?巴尔的摩Baltimore.但你来自英国 对吧？But you're from England, right?伦敦London.- 我的妻子是美国人 - 哈- I married an American woman. - Ah.那里就是犹因塔高地荒原That there is the High Uintas Wilderness.每年降雪量超过18公尺Gets over 700 inches of snow a year.无边无际的大自然景色Million acres of pure-ass nature.乖 别叫 对了 我曾派驻伦教附近Easy, boy. By the way, I was stationed near London.麦登荷第48战斗机联队48th Fighter Wing at Mildenhall.- 是吗？- 是的- Oh, yeah? - Yeah.我在那里找到真爱Met the love of my life there.真的吗？太浪漫了You did? That's so romantic.她现在在哪？Where is she now?谁知道呢？那是... 那是... 那是Who knows? That was... that was... fi-fi...50年前的事了50 years ago.哦 你们没有结婚？Oh. What, you didn't marry her?是的 她当时已经是嫁为人妇了No, she was already married to someone else.- 哦 - 反正我是不婚族- Oh! - Anyway, I'm not the marrying kind.我不想错过好东西I didn't wanna miss out on anything.哦Oh!你最好系上安全带You might wanna strap in.那是什么？What's that?糖果传奇It's Candy Crush.啊Ah.我得让杏仁核保持忙碌I need to occupy my amygdala.那叫做爬虫类大脑 是专门...That's the reptile brain that looks after...我知道杏仁核是什么Yeah, I know what an amygdala is.你怎么会来爱达华？What brought you to ldaho?拍摄光头党Shooting skinheads.我替《卫报》报导新纳粹Neo-Nazis for The Guardian.- 你是记者？- 对- A journalist? - Uh-huh.难怪你会问东问西的That would explain the questions.嘿 老兄Hey, buddy.别偷吃食物 小伙子Hey, stay out of the food, boy.华特 你看到了吗？Walter, you see that?一定是暴风云飘过来了Storm must have moved.盐湖城航路管制中心Salt Lake Center.盐湖城航路管制中心 这里是双子星09...Salt Lake Center, this is twin zero-niner.呃 W9Uh, whiskey-niner.正确Affirmative.无线电代码01Squawking zero one.- 1 - 华特？- One. - Walter?01O-one.华特？Walter?靠Shit.华特Walter.无线电代码0... 020Squawking zero. Zero-two-zero.- 我... 我无法... - 华特- I-I don't... I-I don't... - Walter.- 怎么了？- 你的手怎么了？- What's going on? - What's wrong with your hands?我想他中风了I think he's having a stroke.天啊 他没事吧？Oh, my God. Is he okay?我需要你看着我 华特 看着我I just need you to look at me, Walter. Just look at me.靠 哦 天啊Shit! Oh, my God!靠Shit!天啊 怎么办？Jesus Christ. What do we do?华特？华特？Walter? Walter?快用无线电 拿无线电Just get on the radio. Get on the radio.这里是双子星0...This is twin zero...天啊 我的老天爷Oh, my God! Jesus Christ!- 好了 华特 - 靠- Okay, Walter. - Shit!- 好 抓好 - 哦 天啊- Okay. Just grab that! - Oh, my God!靠Shit!狗狗 狗狗The dog! The dog!靠 哦 天啊Shit! Oh, God!系上安全带Put your seatbelt on.- 双手抱头 - 好- Put your hands behind your head! - Okay!双手...Put your hands...往后靠 往后靠Sit back! Sit back!艾莉克丝 艾莉克丝Alex. Alex.嘿 艾莉克丝Hey! Alex.啊Ah.嘿Hey.很好 你没死Yeah, you're there.靠Shit.很好 你还活着Oh, great. You're alive.啊Ah!（无信号）嘿Hey!喂Hello!有人吗？Anybody!有人吗？Anybody.上帝保佑你God bless you.- 嘿 嘿 - 啊- Hey. Hi. - Ah!嘿 艾莉克丝 嘿 艾莉克丝？Hey, Alex. Hi. Alex?嘿 嘿 好了 艾莉克丝Hi. Hey. Okay. Alex.- 马克？- 你能看着我吗？- Mark? - Can you look at me?- 离家... - 很好- Left home. - There you go.- 谢天谢地 - 马克 马克在哪？- Oh, thank God. - Mark. Where's Mark?谢天谢地Thank God.我要手机I need my phone!你要手机 艾莉克丝？You want your phone. Alex?艾莉克丝 你的手机摔烂了Alex, your phone's smashed.我的手机没信号 我们被困在高山上My phone has no signal, and we're pretty high up.- 但我们还活着 - 哦 我的腿- But we're alive. - Oh, my leg!坐起身来 我给你喝点水Try and sit up, and I'll give you some water.你是谁？What's your name?- 我是谁？- 你是谁？- My name? - What's your name?很好 我是班There you go. I'm Ben.很好Well done.什么？What?- 我的背包里有止痛药 - 哦 我知道- I have some Advil in my backpack. - Oh. Yeah.对 你知道Yeah, you do.我帮你换裤子的时候发现的I found them when I was changing your trousers.你没事吧？Are you okay?一些瘀伤和划伤Couple of bruises, few scratches,肋骨断了几处couple of cracked ribs.我很幸运没事I'm okay. I got lucky.机师呢？The pilot?我昨天把他埋了I buried him yesterday.他... 他没有提交飞行计划He... He didn't file a flight plan.对 但他用无线电联系地面了No. No, but there was radio contact.过多久了？How long has it been?36小时36 hours.手册中提到黑匣子There was a thing in the manual about a beacon.对 那在机尾Yeah, it would've been in the tail.天知道掉去哪了God knows where that ended up.天啊 马克不知道我在哪 他会发疯的Oh, Jesus. Mark has no idea where I am. He'll be going out of his mind.好了 好了Okay. Okay.一定会有人来救我们的Someone is definitely coming to get us.只要能融雪 我们就有水喝We've got plenty of water, as long as we can melt the snow.这里有四袋杏仁果We've got four packets of almonds...几条糖果棒couple of candy bars...吃了一半的三明治 还有几块饼干a half-eaten sandwich, and some cookies.应该够撑到有人来救我们That should hold us until we're rescued.是哪种饼干？What kind of cookies?什么？What?我在开玩笑Joke.哦 天啊Oh, God.有飞机Plane.有飞机 快拿信号弹 快点Plane! I need the flare! Flare! Quick!- 艾莉克丝 把信号枪给我 - 在这里- Alex, give me the flare gun. - In here! Here!拿去Take it!等等 那是空的 不行No, wait, wait. It's empty!- 班 - 我要信号弹- Ben! - I need a flare.这里Here!快 快点Quick! Hurry!嘿Hey!在这里 底下这里Down here! Down here!- 他们听不到的 - 我知道- They can't hear you. - I know!但... 但...It's... it's...但还是要喊啊It's just what you do.好吧Okay.我们要记住黄金救援三原则We're down to the rule of three.我们可以三周不进食We can go three weeks without food,三天不喝水three days without water...- 什么？- 三分钟不呼吸- What? - ...three minutes without air.让我帮忙 让我帮忙Let me help. Let me help.你想帮忙？这样吧You wanna help? This is how you help.别用那条腿You stay off the leg.这样帮得上你 也绝对帮得上我That would help you, and it would definitely help me.好吗？Please?能烧的东西都好Anything that will burn.给你Here.这是你拍的？You took these?- 对 - 拍得真好- Uh-huh. - They're good.（艾莉克丝·马丁与马克·罗伯森敬邀莅临婚礼）很遗憾你赶不上婚礼I'm sorry you missed your wedding.我一直想着他不知我是死是活I can't stop thinking about him not knowing I'm alive.你告诉他你要包机了吗？You told him you were chartering a flight, right?没有No.我打算到丹佛再打给他I was gonna call him when we got to Denver,让他觉得我很能干and have him be all proud of me for figuring it out.现在我早该到了I would have got there.就算我得在婚礼上...Even if it meant rushing down the aisle like...就像《毕业生》里的达斯汀·霍夫曼一样用跑的like Dustin Hoffman in The Graduate.会有人来找我们的Someone's gonna find us.你打电话了吗？You called someone.是打给老婆吧？You called your wife, right?不是No.你谁都没打吗？Nobody?达斯汀·霍夫曼在《毕业生》里...I think Dustin Hoffman was trying to stop the wedding是想阻止婚礼in The Graduate.什么？What?他敲打着窗户He was banging on the window.“伊莲”"Elaine!"对 我想起来了Yeah, yeah. I remember now.什么事？Yeah. Yeah?我要尿尿I have to pee.- 什么？- 我要尿尿- You have to what? - I have to pee.要帮你脱裤子吗？Need help with your trousers?不用了No.我需要帮忙Yeah.屁股抬起来Scoop your bum.谢谢 我可以了Thanks. Thanks. I got it. I got it.谢谢Thank you.好了Okay.班Ben.看起来很健康It looks pretty healthy.那就好Cool.你做什么？What are you doing?已经三天了It's been three days.我们只剩几颗杏仁果We're down to individual almonds.- 我们该上路了 - 不- We should get moving. - No.- 我们留在这里比较好 知道吗？- 哦 天啊- It's just best we stay here. Yeah? - Oh, God.你的腿走不远的You're not gonna get far with that leg.我才不要留在这里 走吧No way, Ben. I'm not staying here. Come on.明白了 好吧...I see. There's no...艾莉克丝 别动了Alex, stop!那就你去Then you go.- 嗯？- 我不能去- Huh? - I can't go!你不能... 不能...You wouldn't... you wouldn't...没有我你活不了的You wouldn't make it without me.我还是要你去And I'm still telling you to go.你乖乖坐好到底有多难？How hard is it for you just to sit still?艾莉克丝 好吧 好吧Alex. Okay, okay, okay.那边有一处峰顶There's a ridge up there.我爬上去看看有没有路 好吗？I'll hike it, climb it, and see if I can see a road or anything, okay?- 好 - 好吧- Okay. - Okay.等等 等等 带着这个Wait, wait, wait. Take this.你可以用长焦镜头You can use the telephoto.这样看得比较远You'll be able to see farther.嘿Hey.你不回来也没关系It's okay if you don't come back.什么？What?是我拖你下水的 所以...I got you into this, so...我能理解I'll understand.艾莉克丝 如果我想离开Alex, if I wanted to leave...三天前我早就走了I would have left three days ago.太好了Oh, yeah.哦Oh!我看起来怎么样？How do I look?别看了Stop.我不吃If I can't have it...你也别想吃you can't have it.靠Shit.好了Okay.来瞧瞧Let's see.她真漂亮She's pretty.别这样看我Don't look at me like that.日期 七月七日 内视镜辅助管理Date. July 7. Endoscopic-assisted management.嘿 班 意外吧Hey, Ben. Surprise!不敢相信你居然没把录音笔随身带着I can't believe you left your little recorder unattended.真不像你It's very unlike you.我知道你喜欢掌控一切I know you like to keep control of things.嗯 也许这么说并不公平Mmm, maybe that's unfair.我已经说过了I've already said this...但我希望你永远记住but I wanted you to have it for good.很高兴我们一起走过的这段时光...I'm happy that we've had this time together...不论情况变得多糟糕no matter how bad things have gotten.班？Ben?班？Ben?班？Ben?班Ben!好了 别叫了 别叫了 停下Okay, stop. Stop, stop, stop.哦 天啊Oh, my God!天啊 那是什么鬼东西？Jesus Christ! What the hell is that?那是什么？What is that?那是什么？What is that?哦 天啊Oh, my God.靠Shit!不行 安静 安静No! Quiet! Quiet!别叫了 别叫了Stop! Stop!嘿 嘿Hey! Hey!嘿 回来 回来Hey, come back. Come back.回来啊Come back!天啊 不God, no!哦 天啊Oh, God!哦 天啊Oh, God.哦 天啊Oh, God.艾莉克丝？Alex?嘿Hey!- 怎么了？- 是美洲狮- What happened? - It was a cougar.你能救他吗？Can you help him?- 天啊 上帝 - 哦 喔- God. Jesus. - Oh, wow.好了 乖 好了Okay. All right. Okay.冷静 冷静 冷静点 没事的 没事了Easy, easy, easy. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.- 你没事吧？- 我没事- You okay? - I'm okay.- 他怎么进来的？ - 不 我...- How did he get in here? - No, I...他没... 他没进来Well, he did... he didn't get in.我 我... 是的 我拿I-I... yeah, I got the...- 我拿了信号弹 - 信号弹？- I grabbed the flare. - Flare?- 对 - 好- Yeah. - Okay.- 这小子差点挂了 - 等等- This boy almost got it. - Wait.- 你真的用信号弹射美洲狮？- 对- You really shot that cougar with a flare? - Uh-huh.你检查手机了吗？Did you check your phone?没信号There's nothing.你老婆叫什么名字？What's your wife's name?莎拉Sarah.希望我有机会认识她I hope I get to meet her.她一定担心死你了She must be so worried about you.哦 天啊Oh, God.你有小孩吗？Do you have kids?没有No.别吃太快Don't eat too quickly.你会胃痛的Your stomach could cramp up.刚刚真的很惊险You know, that was a close one.这应该够我们吃十天左右...That should last us for about 10 days...这样很好 因为我们被困住了which is great, because we're stuck here.我原本在想...I was thinking...如果我们能走到够低的地方...If we could get down low enough...也许就能收到手机信号maybe we could get enough signal on your phone.不行 别管手机了 根本没信号No. No, forget the phone. There's no signal.我想救援队应该...I think the search and rescue probably...他们还没找到我们 所以Well, they haven't found us yet, so...对 但我们离开他们就更找不到了I know, but they're less likely to find us if we leave here.他们会专心找黑匣子的They'll be focusing their search on the beacon.天啊 班Jesus Christ, Ben.这是有规定程序的 艾莉克丝No, there's a system here, Alex.对 但规定程序老是失败Yeah, systems fail all the time.他们还没找到我们They haven't found us.我们一定得离开We have to get going.你知道 你想等 我也等了You know, you wanted to wait. I waited.艾莉克丝 老实说 这太危险了 好吗？Alex, honestly, it's too dangerous, okay?我差点从峭壁上摔下去I nearly fell off a cliff. Okay?差那么一点就完了I honestly nearly died.待在这里才安全 离开的话...If we stay here, we're safe. If we leave...听着 我不想因为你Look, I don't wanna die up here害怕冒险而死在这里because you're too scared to take a risk.我不想因为你Hey, I'm not gonna fall off a mountain鲁莽又自私摔下山谷because you're reckless and selfish.什么？What?你知道吗？你说得没错You know what? You're absolutely right.的确是你拖我下水的You did get me into this.我只是想客气一点I was trying to be nice.- 等等 才不是 - 我只是想帮忙- Wait a second. No. - I was trying to help!- 我想帮你 - 不 等等- I was trying to help you. - No. Hold on a second.你根本不是想帮我You weren't trying to help me.我现在早该结婚了You know, I could be married by now.你想过这点吗？Do you ever think about that?你在乎的是婚礼？Is that what we're talking about? Your ceremony?天啊 可怜的马克My God, poor Mark!那我的病人呢？你想到这点吗？What about my patient? You think about that?你想到我的病人吗？Yeah? Do you think about my patient?别把你的问题赖在我头上...Don't blame me for your fucking problems,要不是有我 你早就死了'cause if it wasn't for me, you'd be dead.算你运气好You're the lucky one.不像我 得跟你困在一起Unlike me. I'm stuck with you.你不在的话I would've had a much better chance我的存活机率高多了if I didn't have you around, honestly.好了Okay.我们走Let's go.反正他可能会把你吃了He's probably gonna eat you, anyway.我们会成功的 继续走就是了We'll find something. Just keep walking.艾莉克丝Alex!不No.（班 如果成功下山 我会派人来救援 我无法坐以待毙）（祝好运 艾莉克丝 注：我把狗带走了）好了Okay.嘿Hey.笑一个Smile.（求救）别放弃Don't give up.别放弃Don't give up.艾莉克丝Alex!艾莉克丝Alex!你该跟我道别的You could have said goodbye.我必须试试I had to try.试试我的办法I had to try my way.真高兴我找到你了I'm just so glad I found you.我也是Me too.所以...So...我们要回去吗？do we go back?不 我们走不到的No, we wouldn't make it back.我们得往下走到林木线We have to get down to the tree line.- 我们继续走 - 好- Keep moving. - Okay.好Okay.说点什么吧 说点什么吧Tell me something. Tell me something.什么？What?说说你的婚礼Tell me about your wedding.我的婚礼？My wedding?对Yeah.你没听说吗？Didn't you hear?我错过了I missed it.是的Yeah.不... 我无法说话 换你来说No... can't talk. You tell me something.告诉我 你...Tell me, what...你是什么医生？what kind of a doctor are you?- 哦 - 呃...- Oh. - Um...我是神经外科医生I'm a neurosurgeon.哦 是吗？好吧Oh, yeah? Yes.大脑 为什么选择大脑？Yeah. Brains. Why brains?这是个重大的责任 你知道 这个...It's an intense responsibility, you know, to...要切开病人的大脑cut into someone's brain.那里掌管着人们的感知It's where their perceptions are...智力their intelligence...情绪their emotion.那心脏呢？What about the heart?嗯？Huh?心脏不过是一堆肌肉而已The heart's nothing but a muscle.乖狗狗That's it, boy.我们到林木线了We made it to the tree line.找个遮蔽处吧Let's find shelter.这里有东西I think something's here.这山洞可以用This cave will work.来吧Come on.好了Yeah. Yeah.- 来吧 - 啊- Here. - Ah.我知道I know.哦 天啊 好冷Oh, jeez. It's freezing.挺肿的Quite a bit of swelling there.- 有一点好转吗？- 有 看起来好一点了- Any better? - Yeah. That does look better.- 来瞧瞧你的绷带 - 好- Look at that bandage. - Yeah.情况还不错It's holding up actually.你知道要怎样才会很好笑吗？Hey, you know what would be funny?如果你是冒牌医生If you weren't really a doctor.那有什么好笑？Why would that be funny?你装模作样只为了看我漂亮的内裤Well, you'd just be doing all this so you could see my fancy underwear.才没这么漂亮They're not that fancy.好了All right.谢谢Thank you.不客气It's okay.你的手套呢？Where's your gloves?天啊God, Jesus.靠 你好冰Shit, you're freezing.来吧Here, come on.好了There.好一点了吗？Better?我该向你道歉I owe you an apology.我找到黑匣子了I did find that beacon.我看到了I saw it.已经摔烂了It was smashed to pieces.你来找我的时候并不知道 对吧？No, you didn't know that when you came looking for me, did you?我们应该待在一起I think we should stay together.我是说...I mean...共进退stick together.- 嗯哼 - 对- Mm-hmm. - Yeah.这样我们才有最大的机会活下去It's the best chance we have at survival.我知道 对不起I know, I'm sorry.天啊 我对一切感到抱歉Jeez, I'm sorry... for all of it.我这么说是怕你把我独自留在山上I'm only telling you 'cause I don't wanna be left on this mountain by myself.我也是Me neither.你不会吃掉我吧 会吗 小子？You wouldn't eat me, would you, boy?艾莉克丝Alex.你刚刚在说梦话You were talking in your sleep.我忘记说我爱你了Yeah, I forgot to say, "I love you."- 对谁说？- 我没跟马克说“我爱你”- Who? - I didn't say, "I love you," to Mark...- 哦 - 我们在机场通电话的时候- Oh. - when I talked to him from the airport.我们挂电话前都会说“我爱你”You know, at the end of the call, you know, always say, "I love you."他知道的He knows.一定的Of course he does.谢谢Thank you.我去四处走走I'm gonna take a look around.要喝咖啡吗？You want coffee?我什么都看不到Well, I can't see anything now.我想再低一点 那是....A little lower than that, I think. It's...你知道 什么都有可能You know, it could have been anything...可能只是冰层上反射的阳光just sunlight reflecting off some ice, maybe.或是人造道路Or man-made.是吗？Huh?不过我们该去瞧瞧We should check it out, though.食物只剩下三天的份量了I mean, we only got three days left of food.我来帮你Let me help you with that.可以问你一件事吗？Can I ask you something?你结婚多久了？How long have you been married?为什么要问这个？Why would you ask me that?- 只是因为... - 因为什么？- I'm only asking because... - Because what?你手上戴着结婚戒指 但...Well, you wear a wedding ring, but...但你从来不提你老婆but you don't talk about your wife.我们去看看那是什么Let's try to find out what that was.走吧 小子Come on, buddy.我们要尽量在天黑前赶到Let's try to get there before it gets dark.你还好吗？All right?还好Yeah.很好 爬上去 爬That's it. Up, up, up.很好 很好 好了Good, good, good. Okay.来吧 孩子 我们走Come on, boy. Let's go.我想我们I reckon we're...应该又下降300公尺了another thousand feet down.他不喜欢被绑着 还是放开他好了He hates his leash. I'm gonna let him go.感觉他好像认得路似的Almost looks like he knows where he's going.我想他绑着比较安全I think he was safer on the leash.来吧Come on.- 再走一小时 - 好- Another hour... - Okay, okay.就休息了then we'll stop.哦 靠Oh, shit.不 不 不No, no, no!不 他妈的No! Damn it!我们过不去的This is impossible!我们得回头往山上走We have to try and go back up, Alex.找别的路绕过去Find another way around this.我无法爬山了 好吗？Look, I can't go up, can I?一定有路可以下去的There has to be a way down.不行 我们得回头另外找路No. We just gotta go back and find another way.如果沿着这条路...I think if we follow this path...不行 沿着路走 我们... 必死无疑Alex, we're not doing that. We follow that path, and we... and we die.你上次自以为聪明害得我们...The last time you thought you knew something, we ended up...你什么意思 什么叫我自以为？What do you mean, the last time I thought?上次我是相信的是自己的直觉The last time I thought, I was trusting my instincts, you know.- 艾莉克丝 冷静点 - 相信我的胆量 我的心- Alex. Calm down. - I was trusting my gut, my heart.冷静点好吗？我们理智一点Just calm down, all right? Let's just think about this logically.- 这里没有路... - 别说了- There's no actual way... - Stop!我很害怕I'm scared.好吗？我很害怕Okay? I'm scared.你就承认你也害怕吧Admit that you're scared, too.班Ben...你知道鲁莽是什么意思吗？do you actually know what it means to be reckless?那表示放弃安全It means to abandon safety.- 我知道那是什么意思 艾莉克丝 - 但有时候...- I know exactly what it means, Alex. - And sometimes...- 但是现在... - 现在 我们别无选择 不是吗？- But right now... - Right now, we don't have a choice, okay?没有人知道我们在哪里Nobody knows where we are.你知道 我们现在只有彼此 如此而已 班You know, all we have is me and you. That is it, Ben.我不想死 好吗？I don't want to die! Okay?医生 告诉我你的真心话Tell me, Doctor, from your heart.你觉得... 你觉得我们能活下去吗？Do you a... Do you actually think we're gonna make it?不能No.我的直觉告诉我 我们会死在山上My instinct tells me that we're gonna die up here.但我们还有选择But we do have a choice.而且我们还活着And we're still alive.来吧 来吧Here we go. There we go.我们都累了We're both tired.对不起Sorry.继续走吧 好吗？Just get on with it now, yeah?我们必须继续走We just have to get on with it.好Yeah.好了Okay.我们一定...We must be...下降好几百公尺了a couple of thousand feet downhill by now.你的手机 打开看看吧Your phone. We should check... We should check it.我的手机My phone.看看电量还剩多少We should just see how much juice you have left.没有信号There is no reception.也快要没电了Haven't got much battery left.你原本在听东西You were listening to something.在机场的时候At the airport.我们不该...Probably shouldn't...拜托 你就放一下吧 只一下...Could you just, for one minute, please just...用上百分之一的电就好？just give us one percent?放一点就好Just one percent of something.我们还在往你看到的亮光处走吗？Are we still headed towards the flash you saw?对 是这个方向往下走Yeah. It's way down this way.我没事 我没事I'm good. I'm good. I'm good.你看这里有多美Just look how beautiful that is.帮我拍张照I want you to take a picture of me.什么？What?帮我拍张照I want you to take a picture of me.如果要死在这里If I'm gonna die...这就是我的遗照I want this to be my very last picture.- 我不拍 - 我要你帮我拍- I can't. - I want you to take it.我看起来如何？How do I look?我有一次出任务I was halfway through an assignment.嗯...Um...我和一群... 一群女生结为好友I got close to... to a group of girls.她们是游击队员Guerrilla fighters.她们... 她们让我随队拍照You know, they... they let me follow them.有个姑娘 她...There was this one girl, she...她告诉我她暗恋一个男孩she told me all about this boy she liked,你知道and, you know...我把我的口红送给她and I gave her my lipstick.后来...Then...发生了一场爆炸there was an explosion...她...and she...伤势严重was badly injured.我也在现场I was there.我过去想帮忙I went to help her.她还在呼吸 但是...She was still breathing then, but...但是她已经没救了she was beyond hope.我...I...我打开背包I went into my bag...拿出我的... 相机to get out my... camera.她看着我She looked at me.我看着她I looked at her.我帮她拍了照I took her picture.然后她就死了And then she died.对不起 我无法帮你拍照I can't take your picture. I'm sorry.我们不会死的We're not gonna die.至少今天不会Not today.靠Shit.我们要往哪里走？Where are we going?我们还活着We're alive.继续走就是了That's where we're going.我们已经走了三天We've been walking for three days.却什么都没找到We haven't found anything.希望这座山谷能有收获Let's hope this valley leads us there.可以停一会儿吗？Can we stop? For a minute?好Yeah.很好That's it.- 天啊 - 小心- Jeez. - You okay?好了Okay. Yeah.把... 把腿抬起来Just... Just put your leg up.- 可以吗？- 可以- Okay? - Yeah.来点冰的饮料吗？How about an ice-cold drink?好Sure.谢谢Thank you.要加冰块吗？How about some ice with that?你真搞笑You're funny.不过我渐渐习惯这么冷了I am getting used to the cold, though.- 是啊 - 真奇怪- Yeah. - Which is weird.你的身体... 你的身体渐渐习惯了Yeah, well, your body... your body's acclimatizing.上帝的杰作挺精明的It's quite ingenious, what God did.身体会适应环境Your body sort of figures it out.狗呢？Where's the dog?我们不知道他的名字 也无法唤他We can't call him 'cause we don't know his name.你要我去找狗 对吧？You're going to ask me to go look for the dog, aren't you?对Yeah.去吧 老兄Come on, man.嘿Hey!小子 你在做什么？Here, boy. What are you doing?你在吃什么？What are you eating?你私藏食物吗？Been holding out on us?班？Ben?有人吗？Hello?有人在吗？Nobody here?嘿 班Hey, Ben!班Ben!班？Ben?艾莉克丝 艾莉克丝Alex! Alex!啊 快啊Ah! Come on!快啊Come on!靠Shit!加油Come on.艾莉克丝Alex!好了Okay.我好害怕I'm scared.你不会再醒来...And if you don't wake up soon...我想可能中让你体温回复太快了I think I warmed you up too fast.你严重脱水You're severely dehydrated.我找到一支注射器 里面装着治疗蛇咬的药I found a syringe of medicine for snake bites.我把药清掉 做成生理盐水点滴Emptied it out and jerry-rigged an IV of saline fluid.这很有可能会出错Now, it could go wrong, Alex.导致感染之类的 但Infection or something, but...但我想你会希望我这么做的I think you'd want me to do this.我知道你会的I know you would.你会要我相信直觉的You'd tell me trust my instincts or something.- 班 - 艾莉克丝- Ben. - Alex.我们获救了吗？Did we get rescued?没有No.我们没有获救No, we didn't.谢天谢地你醒了Thank God you're back.这是你看到的那间小屋This is that cabin you saw.我想尿尿 你能帮我吗？Can you help me pee?我以为你不会开口了I thought you'd never ask.你会觉得有点晕You're gonna feel a bit dizzy.好了Okay.好了Okay.你也该吃一点You should have some.我吃过了I have.谢谢Thank you.给Here.那么...So...告诉我So, tell me something.我昏迷的时候还发生了什么事？What else happened when I was away?你没错过什么Well, you didn't miss much.积雪将近三公尺深Snowdrifts are 10-feet deep.我记得 我曾经陷进去两次I know, 'cause I was nearly buried in it twice.但我找到两罐汤But I did find two cans of soup.现在怎么办？What happens now?我们得等到降雪暂停We just have to wait for a break in the weather.至少这样才看得到路Then at least we can see where we're going.嗯Mmm.现在是一月It's January.多久...How long...两罐汤是能撑多久？How long can we survive on two cans of soup?班Ben.我们坠机将近三个星期了We've been lost almost three weeks.你不想回家吗？Don't you wanna get home?我会想出办法的I'll find a way.嘿Hey!嘿 班Hey, Ben.意外吧Surprise.抓住他 小子Get it, boy!抓住那只兔子 快上Grab that rabbit. Go on!上啊 小子Go on, boy!他去哪儿了？Where'd he go?抓住他Get him!不No.你找到了 加油You got it. Come on.有没有抓到？嗯？挖啊Did you get him? Huh? Dig!不敢相信你居然没把录音笔随身带着I can't believe you left your little recorder unattended.我知道你喜欢掌控一切I know you like to keep control of things.好吧Okay.走吧Come on.啊 搞什么啊Ah! Bullshit!好了 你尽力了Okay, you tried.但我希望你永远记住But I wanted you to have it for good.不论情况变得多糟糕...No matter how bad things have...- 我... 对不起 嗯... - 你在做什么？- I'm... I'm sorry. Um... - What are you doing?你在做什么？What are you doing?- 我... 我不该这么做的 班 - 天啊 艾莉克丝- I... I shouldn't have done that, Ben. - Jesus, Alex.- 真对不起 - 我才离开两分钟- I'm really sorry. - I turn my back for two minutes,你就开始翻我的东西了 是吗？and you go through all my stuff. Is that it?不 不是这样的 不是这样的No, that's not it. That's not it.只是...I just...我们可能会一起死在这里We might die together.我却对你一无所知And I don't even know you.你想了解我？那就播放吧You wanna get to know me? Play it.放吧Play it.很高兴我们一起走过这段时光...I'm happy that we've had this time together...不论情况变得多糟糕no matter how bad things have gotten.抱歉 我必须离开了And I'm sorry that I'm leaving.我会永远爱你I'll always love you.只是...You just...这种事是你掌控不来的This is not something that you can control.我爱你 再见Love you, bye.我想要你知道...I want you to know...我用这个方法了解你很不公平this was a really unfair way of me trying to understand who you are.我很抱歉And I'm sorry.我已经两年没有听到...I haven't heard that message in...这段留言了two years.我再去砍些木柴I'm gonna go cut more wood.我跟你不同 我还是无法讨论这件事I'm not like you, Alex. I still can't talk about it.嗯Mmm.早安Morning.早安Morning.班...Ben...我一直在想I've been thinking.这里一定有路的There has to be a road.我们一定很靠近了We must be close to something.我正在努力...I'm trying...找路出去to find us a way.如果我留下 你就能走更快You'll make it faster if I stay here.我不想把你留在这里I don't wanna leave you here.搞不好我根本撑不到I might not even make it.你一定要撑到But you have to.我们不能继续待在这里We can't just stay here.我老婆离开的原因不是你想的那样Alex, my wife didn't leave me the way you think she did.我们的婚姻幸福美满We were married happily...整整八年for eight years.她病了She got sick.长了脑瘤A brain tumor.我老婆成了我的病人My wife became my patient.而我却救不了她And I couldn't save her.她死了She died.我很遗憾I'm so sorry.艾莉克丝Alex.和我一起走You're coming with me.我会把你送回家I'm gonna get you home.我会拖慢你的I'll slow you down.- 没有你我不走 - 什么？- I can't leave. Not without you. - What?哦Oh!我走不了啦 对不起I can't. I'm sorry.我们会成功的We're gonna get there.艾莉克丝Alex!艾莉克丝Alex.艾莉克丝Alex.醒醒 醒醒 拜托 拜托 醒醒Come on. Come on. Please, please. Come on.拜托 你醒醒 我们到了 我们到了Come on. We're here. We're here. We're here.加油 拜托Come on, come on.艾莉克丝Alex.艾莉克丝 你看到了吗？Alex, do you see that?- 是的 我看到了 - 艾莉克丝- Yeah, I see. - Alex.我看到了 看到了I see it. I see.哦 天啊Oh, God.班？Ben?我知道I know.我什么都不会说的Won't say anything.我什么都不会说的I won't say anything.狗呢？Where's the dog?- 他会找到我们的 来吧 - 是的- He'll find us. Come on. - Yeah.过来 小子Come here, boy!华特的狗 快过来Walter's dog, come here!小子 过来 你在做什么？Hey, buddy. Come here. What are you doing?喔喔喔 不行 快点 过来Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! No! Come here.快 快 过来Now! Now! Here!你看到吗？See what that is?我们得走了 走吧 很好We gotta go. Let's go. There you go.我们得离开这里了We need to get out of here.快到家了We're almost home.班？Ben?艾莉克丝Alex!班Ben!班Ben?哦 天啊 哦 天啊Oh, my God! Oh, my God!- 天啊 - 艾莉克丝- Jesus! Jesus. - Alex.天啊 这是... 我该怎么办？Jesus Christ. What... what are we gonna do?不行 艾莉克丝 艾莉克丝No! No! Alex. Alex!拜托 不要 不要啊Please! No. No. Just...艾莉克丝Alex.啊 艾莉克丝Ah! Alex!快去... 去... 你去求救Go get... Go get... Go get help.好Okay.天啊Christ.停车Stop!停车Stop!艾莉克丝？Alex?艾莉克丝？Alex?请医生立刻到111号病房We need a doctor in 111 immediately.巴斯医生？Dr. Bass?我是Yeah.哦 班Oh, Ben.哦 天啊Oh, my God.哦 天啊Oh, God.我们成功了We made it.你... 你能相信吗？You... Can you believe it?是呀Yeah.你的手 给我看看Your hands, let me see.- 瞧瞧你的手 - 我知道 我想...- Look at your hands. - I know. I won't be...我好一阵子不能缝合了I won't be knitting for a while.我感觉活了过来I feel alive.这都是因为你I feel alive because of you.是呀Yeah.这位是马克Oh. I want you to meet Mark.你就是马克You're Mark.对 你是班 对吧？Yeah. Ben, right?是的Yeah.哦 要命Oh, man.是啊 我实在无法...Yeah. I can't begin to...谢谢你Thank you.好了Yeah.好了Yeah.- 你可以吗？宝贝？- 可以- Yeah? Okay, babe? - Yeah. Yeah.这位是班So, this is Ben.是的 我知道Yeah, I know. I know.你就是马克啊 很好 嗯...Wow, it's Mark. Good. It's good to, uh...很高兴见到你it's good to meet you.艾莉克丝告诉我你救了她Alex told me how you saved her life.对 不是Yes. No.是你救了我 艾莉克丝No, you saved my life, Alex.- 班 班 - 呃...- Ben. Ben. - Um...你真的救了我It's true.是呀Yeah.呃...Um...他们正在找我 我得回去了 好吗？They're chasing me. I need to go back, okay?好吧All right.小心点 来吧Careful. Here you go.来吧 过来Come here. Come here.过来Come here.去吧Go on.迦巴纳夫人 你好吗？Mrs. Qabbani, how are you?有没有好一点？把手给我瞧瞧Are you feeling better? How is your arm? Let me see.我们对于这种罪行严正以待We're really serious about this type of criminality.但是这无关于Yes, but in the end, that won't matter,在线购物的民众与企业for the public and businesses when shopping online.零售业深受其害Retailers are highly impacted by retail crime.据估计才损高达13亿英镑And we estimated cost to be somewhere around 1.3 billion pounds,影响范围涉及每个人 包括...which will impact everyone, including...- 不要丢下我 - 我不会的- Don't leave me. - I'm not.这是我们的场子 不是吗？It's our party, you know?我知道 但是...I know, but, you know.- 宝贝... - 我不想...- Honey... - I don't wanna be...我只是不想一个人I just don't wanna be by myself.这些都是来欢迎你回家的朋友These are our friends to welcome you.大家都有喝的吧？还需要什么吗？Everybody okay? You all have drinks? Need anything?可以的话 麻烦给我一点冰块Could use a little ice, actually, if you don't mind.哦 你真幽默Oh, that's really funny.哦 潘姆 你好吗？Oh, Pam! Hi! How are you?- 我很好 亲爱的 - 真高兴见到你- I'm fine, dear. - Great to see you.瞧瞧 你气色好极了Look at you. You look wonderful.- 哦 谢谢 - 你知道- Oh, thank you. - You know,我不想刺激你或是说错话I don't want to pry, I don't want to be inappropriate,但我相信你受困时一定拍照了吧？but I'm sure that you took some pictures during your ordeal.哦 嗯...Oh. Um...这是个精彩的故事This is an amazing story,想必也有精彩的照片and I expect those photos are amazing, too.大家一定会很想看的I really think people would like to see them.是的 我...Well, I...潘姆 我真的还没...You know, Pam, I'm not really...我真的还没准备好I'm not really ready for that.- 你愿意考虑一下吗？- 是的 当然愿意- Will you think about it? - Yeah, sure. Yeah.是的 我会考虑的Yeah. I'll think about it.嘿 班Hi, Ben.又是我 艾莉克丝It's Alex again.只是想跟你打声招呼Just calling to say hi.给我回个电话吧Try me back.不如我们提前离开吧 等这事结束Tell you what. We'll skip out early, you know, once the thing's over.趁宴会开始之前走人We can leave before the reception.嘿Hey.什么？What?没事It's all right.- 你刚才... - 没事- Was... did you... - Yeah, no.我在说募捐会的事I was just talking about the fund-raisers.哦 真抱歉Oh, I'm sorry.对不起Sorry.艾莉克丝 我...Alex, I...我知道你不想谈这件事I get that you haven't wanted to talk about this...但是... 我... 我想陪你经历这些but... I... I know what I'm in with you.我一直告诉自己...I always told myself I'd...我一定会接到通知I'd get some call from somewhere.所以我下定决心So, I made a deal with myself.我也会永远爱你That I would always love you,即使你回家时伤痕累累even if you came home missing a piece of yourself.（这些东西只有你会懂 艾莉克丝）喂？Hello?嘿 抱歉 我迟到了 我...Hi. I'm sorry I'm later than I...你看起来改头换面了You look brand-new.- 哦 你也是 - 你好吗？- Oh, so... so do you. - How are you?我很好Yeah. Good.请坐Sit down.需要喝点什么吗？Can I get you something to drink?哦 是的 水就好 谢谢Oh, no. Just water's fine, thanks.你好吗？So, how are you?腿怎么样了？How's your leg?你呢？How's yours?是呀Yeah.跑不了 但还可以I can't run, but I get by.我收养那只狗了I kept the dog.- 真的吗？- 真的- Oh, yeah? - Yeah.你给他取什么名字？So what'd you call him?呃... 狗Um... dog.- 他一直... - 不- He still... - No.他还是没有名字He still doesn't have a name.你看上去... 你看上去...You look... You look...你很美 艾莉克丝You look beautiful, Alex.谢谢Thank you.一切都好吗？How is everything?嗯 很好Um, good.我开始跟更多人合作I'm working with people more.创伤后病人之类的极端病例Post-trauma patients, you know, the extreme cases.我在伦敦南部I sort of float between a NHS clinic家附近的诊所和康复中心两边跑and a rehabilitation center in South London, where I live now.- 回家的感觉真好 - 你不再动刀了？- It's good to be home. - No more surgery?对 我无法再动刀了No. No, I can't do that anymore.你呢？都还好吗？And you? How are you?我也很好 是啊I'm okay, too. Yeah.我... 我回到家...I... I came home and...一切都变了 但是...everything had shifted, but...得让时间冲淡一切 但都还好I kind of had to wait it out, but it's okay.我不再去战乱区了No more conflict zones.我现在最不想做的就是乘飞机And the last thing I feel like doing is getting on a plane.所以我目前在兼职教书So I'm teaching now, part-time,离家近一点staying closer to home.是呀Yeah.那个怎么样？婚礼怎么样？How was it? How was the wedding?哦 我们没办Oh. We didn't have one.什么？What?什么？你没有...What? You didn't...没有No.我办不到I couldn't.马克是个好男人 但是...Mark is a really wonderful man, but...但是我...but I...我就是办不到I couldn't.我很遗憾 艾莉克丝I'm really sorry, Alex. That's...你为什么没告诉我？Why didn't you tell me?你不怎么爱接电话You're not that great at picking up the phone.两位饿了吗？Are you guys hungry?- 不饿 - 不饿- No. - No.我没接电话是因为我以为你结婚了I didn't pick up my phone 'cause I thought you were married, Alex.我以为你结婚了I thought you were married.你可以回电给我You could have called back.失去莎拉已经让我够难受了It was hard enough for me to lose Sarah.我不想连你也失去I struggled with the idea of losing you, too.但是当你寄了照片过来And then when you sent those photographs...我 嗯... 我感觉自己活了过来I, uh... I felt alive.真的 我...I really did. I...我们俩成功活了下来We made it, you and I.但我得看着你离去And I had to see you.我在山上时爱上了你I loved you on that mountain.我想假装没这回事 但我无法否认I tried to pretend that I didn't, but I did.我回到家 一切都变了样I came home and nothing was the same.我试着想联络你 并且...And then I tried to reach you, and it...这实在...it was so...这一切实在太痛苦了It was just too painful.所以我必须...So I had to...逼自己接受make myself accept这也许不是真的 在现实生活中that maybe it wasn't real, and it would never work,是不可能成功的not in real life.- 谢谢 - 嗯哼- Thank you. - Mm-hmm.这种事要看机遇的 但是他... 过了就没了There's a moment for these things, and then it... it passes.嘿 这...Hey, so...你能给那只狗取个名字吗？Could you... Could you give the dog a name?他应该要有个名字He kind of deserves it.我想你错了 艾莉克丝I think you're wrong, Alex.我们能活下来 是因为我们爱上彼此I think we survived because we fell in love.在山上只有... 只有你我两个人Up there it was just... it was just me and you.但是世界却复杂得多The world is bigger than that.而心脏不过是一堆肌肉而已And the heart is just a muscle.不是吗？Right?这是哪个蠢蛋说的？What idiot said that?∮ Not tryna be indie ∮∮ Not tryna be cool ∮∮ Just tryna be in this ∮∮ Tell me how you choose ∮∮ Can you feel where the wind is? ∮∮ Can you feel it through? ∮∮ All of the windows ∮∮ Inside this room ∮∮ 'Cause I wanna touch you, baby ∮∮ And I wanna feel you, too ∮∮ I wanna see the sunrise and your sins ∮∮ Just me and you ∮∮ Light it up ∮∮ On the run ∮∮ Let's make love, tonight ∮∮ Make it up ∮∮ Fall in love, try ∮∮ But you'll never be alone ∮∮ I'll be with you from dusk till dawn ∮∮ I'll be with you from dusk till dawn ∮∮ Baby, I'm right here ∮∮ I'll hold you when things go wrong ∮∮ I'll be with you from dusk till dawn ∮∮ Baby, I'm right here... ∮∮ I'll be with you from dusk till dawn ∮∮ Baby, I'm right here ∮∮ We were shut like a jacket ∮∮ So do your zip ∮∮ We will roll down the rapids ∮∮ To find a wave that fits ∮∮ Can you feel where the wind is? ∮∮ Can you feel it through? ∮∮ All of the windows ∮∮ Inside this room ∮∮ 'Cause I wanna touch you, baby ∮∮ I wanna feel you, too ∮∮ I wanna see the sunrise and your sins ∮∮ Just me and you ∮∮ Light it up, on the run ∮∮ Let's make love tonight ∮∮ Make it up ∮∮ Fall in love, try ∮∮ But you'll never be alone ∮∮ I'll be with you from dusk till dawn ∮∮ I'll be with you from dusk till dawn ∮∮ Baby, I'm right here ∮∮ I'll hold you when things go wrong ∮∮ I'll be with you from dusk till dawn ∮∮ Baby, I'm right here ∮