无人懂我时* When no one else can understand me一无是处时* When everything I do is wrong你予我以关爱与慰藉* You give me love and consolation你予我以希望和坚持* You give me hope to carry on一切的一切* And you try to show your love for me你给了我所有的爱* In everything you do这就是奇迹* That's the wonder你的奇迹* The wonder of you世界被你的微笑点亮* And when you smile The world is brighter牵过手  我即是世界之王* You touch my hand and I'm a king一个吻  就给我无价之宝* Your kiss to me is worth a fortune你的爱即是一切* Your love to me is everything不离不弃* And you're always there- 陛下  - 生死相依- Your Royal Highness.  - * To lend a hand- 不论何时  - 出去- * In all I try to do * - Get out.这就是奇迹* That's the wonder你的奇迹* The wonder of you这就是奇迹* That's the wonder这就是奇迹* That's the wonder你的奇迹* That's the wonder of you何德何能让你如此倾心于我* I guess I'll never know the reason why我永远不知* You love me as you do这就是奇迹* That's the wonder你的奇迹* The wonder of you八月三日  1959年Third of August, 1959.亲爱的玛格丽特  我怀着沉重的心提起笔Dearest Margaret, I write to you with a heavy heart,希望可以让你对in hopes of preparing you...我将要做的声明有所准备...for an announcement I am to make.你知道的  我刚从一年的环球旅行归来As you are aware, I have just returned from a year abroad around the world.一位叫做玛丽卢斯的年轻女人陪着我A young woman named MarieLuce accompanied me on this trip作为我的秘书与摄影师as my secretary and photographer.我认识她好几年了She is someone I have known for a few years now她的陪伴是我人生不多的乐趣之一and her companionship has been one of the few joys in my life.我已经决定向她求婚I have decided to ask her to marry me.亲爱的玛格丽特  我知道这个决定让你觉得被背叛了Dearest Margaret, I know you will feel betrayed by this decision.我们分开时  我从没想过When we parted, I could never have imagined爱上其他任何人falling in love with anyone else.但这些年过去But these years apart我也知道我不会被同意娶你and the knowledge that I will never be allowed to marry you,甚至永远or even, in time...今早我收到了彼得·汤森的来信I received a letter this morning from Peter Townsend.哈  无聊队长Ha! Group Captain Bore?- 彼得才不无聊  - 什么- Peter's not a bore.-  What?- 我说  彼得才不无聊  - 抱歉- I said Peter's not a bore. - Excuse me.- 挺胸抬头  服从纪律  有礼  - 传教士体位  三秒男- Straightbacked, obedient, decent. - Missionary fashion, three quick minutes.都算多的了  绝对无聊  说不定还穿睡裤And that's your lot. Definitely a bore. Probably pajamas, too.他看上去确实是会穿睡裤的He looks like a pajama man.条条框框  不解风情Striped and ironed.然后  他说啥And? What did he have to say?他请求打破我们的约定He asked my permission to break our pact.约定  什么约定Pact? What pact?我们约定  如果我们不能结婚  就不跟其他人结婚We promised that if we couldn't marry each other, we'd never marry anyone else.哦  明白了Ah, I see.好吧  现在他不想遵守约定了Well... he now wishes to be released from that pledge.去结婚To get married?- 是的  - 谁这么倒霉摊上他- Yes. - Who is the unfortunate?他在布鲁塞尔认识的女士Some girl he met in Brussels.她十九岁She's 19.真的Really?- 他这把年纪  - 这不会犯法么- At his age? - Isn't that some sort of criminal offense?他写信是为了不让我从其他人那里听说Well, he wrote to me so I wouldn't hear about it from anyone else.真英勇How gallant.嗯  那你感觉怎么样And? How do you feel?有点伤心  他先找到了幸福Yes, I feel a bit hurt that he should have found happiness first.别啦Ah, don't be.他才没找到幸福He hasn't found happiness.他找到了婚姻  幸福的反义词He's found marriage, the very opposite of happiness.原本  我是想着某一天可以告诉他我要结婚了Ideally it would've been me writing to him saying that I was the one getting married.呃  你说你不想结婚的Uhuhuh. You said you didn't want to get married.凄凉的普通人才会这样"That's what dreary conventional people do."你没想过咱俩可以  不普通You don't think you and I could do it... unconventionally?有趣Interestingly?天哪  只要我们违反了Christ. Only if we violated each and every one of the godawful vows教堂让我们宣誓的每一条约定the Church would make us take.好吧  行Ah, right, yes.- 你得开下门  - 不- You have to, uh, open the doors. - No- 准备好了么  - 不能把这晾在这啊- You ready? - You can't just leave it there.亲爱的  我们已经晚了半个小时了Darling, we're half an hour late as it is.- 我刚才正式求婚了  - 下次再说行不行- I've just effectively proposed. - Oh, we can discuss this another time.好吧  如果对我来说很重要的事对你不值一提Fine. If what's important to me isn't a priority for you...- 我的车在外面么  - 是的女士- Is my car still outside? - Yes, ma'am.家Home.但你是来支持我的But you came to support me.半数该死的记者都是来看你的Half those bloody journalists have only come to see you.成果会说明一切的  肯定会Well, the work will have to speak for itself. I'm sure it will.女王陛下去哪里了  托尼Where's Her Royal Highness gone, Tony?哦  她不怎么喜欢这种事  但劳伦斯·奥利维尔和亚历克·吉尼斯在Oh, it's not really her sort of thing, but Larry Olivier's here and Alec Guinness.玛琳·黛德丽  有么Marlene Dietrich, anyone?那是她  快来  小伙子们  她出来了That's her. Oi! Come on, lads. She's coming out now.上  上Go. Go!特伦查德大人与夫人  真是受宠若惊Ah, Lord and Lady Trenchard. What a thrill.你一定得再来  都好久了  我特别喜欢Oh, you must come again. It's been so long. I'd adore it. Much love, much love.啊Ah!亲爱的Darling.- 还要老样子  - 很好I would like my usual, please. Very good.你没来我的展览  我都提醒你了You didn't come to my exhibition. After I reminded you, too.临时有事There was a clash.- 你的兄弟  - 半个兄弟而已- Your brother... - Halfbrother.在游行...was on parade.爱尔兰卫队每个月都游行The Irish Guards are on parade every month.每年我都要这么来一回I have an opening like that once a year.这对他很重要It was so important to him.好吧  那就去吧Well, there we are.迈克尔Michael.通告很不错The notices were favorable.相当不错Very favorable, actually.真的  我读时代周刊的Really? I read The Times.时代周刊只会说不The Times was the only naysayer.有提到她么Any mention of her?玛格丽特  没有Margaret? She wasn't there.哦Oh.- 我们吵架了  - 为啥- We had a tiff. - What about?你要知道的话  婚姻Marriage, if you must know.- 她拒绝你了  - 不- She's turned you down. - No.刚好相反The other way round.你生气么Are you mad?你要知道  妈妈  对大多数父母You know, Mummy, for most parents...谁都配不上他们自己的孩子there's never anyone good enough for their children.你的健康Your health.怎么了What's the matter?我有些事得告诉你There's something I have to tell you.她接受了么How did she take it?不算特别平静Not lying down.提醒你下  她什么事情都不平静Mind you, she never takes anything lying down.太常规了Far too conventional.她真是他妈的太不淡定了She really is the most dazzling fuck.- 明显  - 那是什么意思- Evidently. - What is that supposed to mean?跟她在一起的时候Well, you've just become so much...你成就了这么多better since seeing her.有么Have I?是么Am I?别放弃她  不管怎样So don't give her up, whatever you do.我不会的I won't.说到这里  周四我要去伦敦Speaking of which, I have to be in London on Thursday午餐后也许有时间and might have some time after lunch.你是在提议么Is that a proposition?是的  有什么反对么  弗莱先生It is. Any objections, Mr. Fry?能让我确认下么Can I get back to you on that?那晚原本要去见玛格丽特的I'm supposed to be seeing Margaret that night.没事的  我保证不会完全把你榨干的That's all right. I promise not to totally exhaust you.我只是觉得我可能会问她那个问题I just thought that I might pop the question to her then.- 什么问题  - 那个问题-Which question? -That question.你说她的脚踝很粗  还张了张犹太美甲师的脸You said she had thick ankles and the face of a Jewish manicurist.的确she does.但她也很迷人But she's adorable, too.- 性子还急  - 这是加分项吗And with a quick temper. Oh, is that a plus?不能说这不性感It's not unsexy.并不意味着你要娶她It doesn't mean you have to marry her.恐怕是的I'm afraid I do.有其他原因Other reasons.我也解释不了Don't ask me to explain.加拉帕戈斯群岛的大多数物种都是岛上特有的Most of the species in Galapagos are unique to the islands.例如，这只海狮是只能在For instance, this sea lion, uh, is a subspecies加拉帕戈斯群岛上能找到的亚种found only in the Galapagos.这陆鬣蜥  不要把它和The land iguana, not to be confused with the...这是什么What's this?打开看看Open it.如果我不单膝下跪  你会原谅我吗Will you forgive me if I don't go down on one knee?即使你向公主求婚  你也不服从她吗You won't defer to your princess, even when you propose to her?这与服从无关It's got nothing to do with deference.上你就不能服从你They're chafed from fucking you.嫁给我吧Marry me.我以为你不想结婚I thought you hated the idea of marriage.的确I do.但我更不想失去你Then I hated the idea of losing you even more.你就会失去我的You would have lost me.你会回到我身边的You'd have come back.绝不Never.答应我一件事Promise me one thing.说Name it.别让我觉得无聊Not to bore me.好Fine.作为回报  答应我一件事Now promise me one thing in return.说Name it.别让我受伤Not to hurt me.我保证I promise.托尼向我求婚了  我答应了Tony has proposed marriage to me and I've accepted.这反应比你对彼得·汤森德的求婚That's marginally better than the "Oh,"回答了个  哦  稍微更好些which was your reaction to Peter Townsend's proposal.总之  我希望这次不会有任何人反对或阻拦Anyway, I do hope there won't be any objections or obstacles this time.不  当然不会No, of course not.劳驾再向我保证一次Be good enough to give me that assurance again,能清晰听见  这样我俩都能清楚nice and audibly, so we're both quite clear.玛格丽特Margaret.我保证我绝不会再做任何事来阻拦你结婚I promise that I will never do anything to block any marriage of yours ever again.多谢Thank you.所以你是支持我公开结婚消息  并开始准备吗So I have your blessing to make the announcement and start making plans?- 是的  - 那就好-Yes... -Good.那请原谅我不再久留  我只是想确认这一点Then forgive me for not staying longer. I'd just like to get cracking on this.彼得给我写信了  他也要结婚了Peter wrote to me. He's marrying too.新娘19岁She's 19.- 玛格丽特  - 所以我结婚的消息要先一步公开-Oh, Margaret. -So my announcement must come first.比尔城堡  晚上好Birr Castle. Good evening.我是托尼·阿姆斯特朗琼斯  我想和我母亲通话It's Tony ArmstrongJones. I'd like to speak to my mother.我看看罗斯夫人是否方便接电话I'll see if Lady Rosse is available.告诉她是要事Tell her it's important.先生  罗斯夫人现在已经休息了Lady Rosse is resting at the moment, sir.她要你明天再打过来She has asked that you might call back again tomorrow.该死Shit.- 托尼  - 来了Tony? Coming.夫人Ma'am.迈克尔  坐吧Do sit down, Michael.你想在哪举行婚礼  你喜欢什么So where shall we do it? What do you fancy?大家可能会以为在修道院People will expect the abbey,但既然我永远不会戴上王冠but since there's no danger of my ever wearing the crown,如果想  我们就可以打破规矩we can break with that, if we want.私奔去格雷特纳格林吗And go to Gretna Green?有何不可Why not?或者拉斯维加斯Or Las Vegas.玛格丽特公主告诉我I've been informed by Princess Margaret有人向她求婚that she's received a proposal of marriage.她接受了  想要我发表一份公开声明She's accepted that proposal and now wishes to make a public statement.你能和科尔维尔Would you kindly speak to Commander Colville以及新闻处的其他人好好谈谈  求他们帮帮她吗and the rest of the people in the press office and ask them to help her?当然  夫人Of course, ma'am.是那个摄影师求的婚吗And it is to be the photographer, ma'am?是的Yes.- 琼斯先生  - 应该是叫阿姆斯特朗琼斯吧-Mr. Jones. -ArmstrongJones, I believe.- 好的  - 这是她的权利  迈克尔-I see. -She's quite within her rights, Michael.她看上去很坚决And she seems very determined.我们不能再经受一次像彼得·汤森德那样的闹剧了And we can ill afford another drama like Peter Townsend,所以无论如何  我都要支持so I'm going to support it, come what may.这是自然Of course, ma'am.不过有个小问题There is one slight problem, though.要是我们在修道院结婚  会不会很有趣Wouldn't it be fun if we did choose the abbey?一半是你朋友  一半是我朋友One half full of your friends, one half full of mine.新大陆  旧世界New world, old world.像一只朝相反方向的两个头的鹰Like an eagle with two heads, facing in opposite directions.你说得对  我们在修道院结婚吧All right. Let's do the abbey.要比我姐妹的婚礼更加盛大  使她的黯然失色And let's make it bigger than my sister's. Let's eclipse her.震撼所有人的心灵Let's shake this place to its core.我们决定The decision we've come to简单公告一下  再在修道院举行一个is a little announcement followed by a big wedding...盛大的婚礼at the abbey.我拿了一份明天给报纸的声明来I brought a copy of the statement which we'll give to the newspapers tomorrow.你觉得怎么样Well, what do you think?很不错  但It looks fine, but, uh...不  别转折No, don't come with "buts."- 得推迟一下  - 推迟什么-We're going to have to delay it.-Delay what?公告  推迟几月就行The announcement. Just for a few months.- 为什么  - 因为宝宝-Why? -Because of the baby.什么宝宝What baby?我的宝宝  我终于怀上了Mine. I'm expecting.怀了多久了Since when?14周了Fourteen weeks.你为什么不告诉我Why didn't you tell me that?我想告诉你  但你之前一直胡思乱想  这也能理解I've tried, but your head's been in the clouds, understandably.你想怀孕与任何事有什么关系What has expecting got to do with anything?- 对了  恭喜你  - 谢谢  这是礼节问题Congratulations, by the way. Thank you. It's a protocol issue.- 礼  我明白  - 不  玛格丽特  你不明白- Oh, pro Oh, I understand! -No, Margaret, you don't.这只是你们所有人编出来的计划  好让我不结婚This is just some scheme cooked up by all of you to put me off the marriage.不  这个礼节也很烦人No. It's a tiresome protocol issue.在女王的孩子出生之前  不能公布其他的皇家公告Until the sovereign's child is born, no other family announcements can be made.难道你没看见  要是我们不公布婚约  我们也不能结婚Don't you see? Until we announce it, we can't marry, either.- 只需要等六个月  - 还要等六个月是吧-No, just for six months. -Another six months?玛格丽特Margaret.反正要花大部分时间计划婚礼的Most of that time will be taken up with planning anyway.玛格丽特  玛格丽特Margaret. Margaret.为表示我作为女王的支持  我想举办一个聚会As indication of my support as Queen, I intend to throw a party.邀请皇家及你的朋友  以示支持For the family. For your friends. To show our support.我们从未为彼得这么做过We never did that for Peter.你从未为彼得这么做过任何事You never did anything for Peter.玛格丽特  我保证  为此我们会全力以赴Margaret, you have my word. It's full steam ahead.你会嫁给托尼  只是现在还不能公布婚讯You will marry Tony. We just can't announce it yet.要是安奈林·贝文先生不回来  那将是一个奇迹Mr. Aneurin Bevan, who if he isn't returned it'll be a miracle, of course,鉴于他大多都是  鲍勃with his enormous majority in... Bob.鲍勃  我得打断你一下  有消息称  抱歉Bob, I'll just interrupt you one second. I'm being called for... Sorry.打断一下  我们刚刚确认  爱丁堡对彭特兰的结果I've stopped him now, so we'll just confirm Edinburgh Pentlands.鲍勃·麦肯齐说工党需要这种摇摆州Bob Mackenzie said that Labour needed that swing,高于百分之二以上  才能赢得选举two percent or more, to win the election.刚入夜的时候  到处都是这种言论At the beginning of the night, it was all over the place.有一两个唱反调的都会让我们觉得我们会犹豫One or two the other way made us think we must hesitate,但30个结果出来  一切尘埃落定but after 30 results it's settled down...所以我很可能有个伯爵爵位啰So it's most likely to be an earldom.会给我个什么头衔  好让民众接受我呢What they'll give me to make me acceptable.伯爵爵位吗An earldom?不是什么公爵Not a fucking dukedom.或者侯爵Or a marquisate.但是作为女王的妹夫But as husband to the Queen's sister,我还是比我母亲的二婚丈夫级别高I'd still rank higher than the man my mother took as her second husband,他是个爱尔兰人  母亲就这样离开了我父亲the Irishman, when she left my father.我比他二人生的儿子级别要高And I'd rank higher than the son she gave him,小布兰登  子爵little Brendan, le vicomte.在我们去爱尔兰的旅途中  我继父和布兰登坐的都是头等车厢On our trips to Ireland, he, Brendan,would travel first class in the train我的继兄坐的是二等车厢and my stepbrother would travel in second class,而我坐的却是三等车厢and I was made to travel third.我不过是个不让人满意的婚姻诞生的没名分的野孩子The runt son from the unsatisfactory first marriage with no title.还有小儿麻痹症And a poliotwisted leg.可以拍一下吗  你愿意吗  谢谢Could you? Would you? Thank you.爱你Love you.保守党  27055票Conservative Party: 27,055.这意味着下届议会 保守党员将超过劳工党And this points to a Conservative majority of 110 over Labour,超过100 超过所有党over 100 over all parties in the next Parliament.你愿意回答几个问题吗Are you in the mood for some questions?要看是什么问题It depends on the questions.怀孕会疼吗Does it hurt?不  不会疼No, it doesn't hurt.但会感到不适But it is uncomfortable,尤其是孩子坐到了我的骨盆上或者要踢我的时候especially if the baby's sitting down in my pelvis or decides to kick me.你看  你现在不感兴趣了吧  我很感兴趣No, you see, now you're not interested.I'm very interested.孕妇通常会觉得笨重  我就总是感觉到累One does feel cumbersome,and I'm tired all the time什么也做不了  也不能弯腰and I can't do anything and I can't bend down.就像从亚伯丁到巴尔默勒尔的旅路一样It's rather like that journey from Aberdeen to Balmoral.别这么说  就好像要永远这样似的Don't.It just seems to go on forever.而且孕妇的脚趾也会肿And one's toes are disappearing.别这么说Don't say that.我喜欢你的脚趾  我的脚趾可丑了I like your toes.My toes are hideous.说什么傻话  脚趾是你全身第二美的地方Don't be silly.They're the second best thing about you.这个恭维有点糟糕That's a horrible compliment.没有恭维是糟糕的There's no such thing as a bad compliment.这倒是  你就别挑三捡四了That's true. Beggars can't be choosers.最美的是哪一点What's the best thing?要说这最美的一点What's the best thing?是两点  真的Two things, really.问我要孩子的原因  我会说  有太多了Reason alone to have children, I'd say.Enormous.好吧 你个哺乳女仆Yes, all right.You milkmaid.不  不是 是酒吧女仆No. No, no. Barmaid.继续  放纵我Oh.Go on, indulge me.取悦我Pour me a pint.下流也无妨  来啊Filthily. Go on.我毫无头绪  来吧I haven't the faintest idea.Go on.像这样Like this.看着我的眼睛这样做Look me in the eyes while you're doing it.继续Go on.我真羡慕你三月去了比尔市  正好我们去狩猎I'd adore you to come to Birr in March. That's when we have the hunt.真的吗  是的  如果你Really? Yes, and if you do...拜托  有人很感兴趣Please, someone interesting.亲爱的  这位是约翰·博福特  这些是我们的朋友Darling, this is John Beaufort.These are great friends of ours.小手指  看小手指The little finger. The little finger.威士忌  谢谢  亲爱的Whiskey, please, darling.怎么了  你看起来像见鬼了似的What's the matter? You look like you've seen a ghost.当然  某种程度上  是的Of course, in some ways, you have.嘴脸丑陋  繁文缛节   一个个空有皮囊Hideous, redundant relics and specters,all of them.不 不是为此  那是什么No, it's not that.What?两杯威士忌  谢谢  好的  先生Two whiskeys, please.Certainly, sir.我今晚不告诉你I didn't want to tell you tonight.什么What?托尼  我怀孕了Tony, I'm pregnant.我的Me?你确定吗  我几乎完全确定You can't be sure.I'm 99 percent.那还有其他的可能性Well, that still leaves one percent.- 你告诉杰瑞米了吗  - 还没有  我不敢- Have you told Jeremy? - Not yet. I daren't.- 他在诺里斯家做过  - 是啊是啊- Well, he did Knollys House. - Yes, yes.他很喜欢  搬到了客厅And he adores it. He's got it in his living room.如果需要更多证据If any further evidence were needed来证明我们国家发生了巨变  那这就是to prove that we are a changed country,then this is it.一切都飞速变化It's all changed so quickly.在一个时代之内  是的Within a generation.Yes.15分钟前  英国政府和机构Just 15 minutes ago, the British government and establishment还极力反对我加入皇室were up in arms about my joining this family.我记得  我也曾是个皇室的王子啊I remember.I was a royal prince from a royal house.我的曾曾曾祖母是维多利亚女王My greatgreatgrandmother was Queen Victoria.我父亲是王储  我祖父可是国王My father was a prince,my grandfather was a king,当时大家都以我的这样不当的作法and everyone was mortified at how inappropriate I was这样弯腰行礼为耻and how low you were stooping.我理解  这个人的母亲I know. I mean, this fella's mother...- 别说了  - 是个攀高枝的可恶的人- Stop it! - ...is a ghastly social climber.他的父亲是个普通的合约律师His father's a commonorgarden contract lawyer who buggered off和空姐偷情with an airline stewardess却能得到众人祝福  赢得爱情and everyone's throwing their hats in the air, declaring it's a victory.还没有Not yet.真悲哀Pathetic.来吧  玛格丽特  跟我来Come on, Margaret.Now, follow me.来吧  请一起加入我们Come on, everybody. Do join in. Please come on.夫人Ma'am.迈克尔Michael.关于阿姆斯特朗·琼斯先生有什么需要了解的事情吗If there was anything that one ought to know about Mr. Armstrong Jones在他成为皇家一员之前before he becomes part of this family,早知道要比晚知道的好it might be better to know sooner rather than later.陛下您希望了解些什么呢What is it that Your Majesty would like to know?来了Coming through!来了Coming through.请小心Mind yourselves.莉莉伯特Lilibet.早啊  汤米Morning, Tommy.我希望陛下能理解I hope Your Majesty understands the context这小心谨慎的侦查工作结束了in which this discreet reconnaissance work was done这绝不代表and that it in no way represents淫乱  背离道德  或者搬弄是非a prurient, moralistic or censorious position.阿姆斯特朗·琼斯先生完全有权利Mr. Armstrong Jones is perfectly entitled in his private life私生活自由自在  一切随心to make those choices he wishes,indeed, to live as he wishes.然而  和许多艺术家一样However, as with a great many artists,传统生活对他而言不见得合适the, uh, conventional approach to life doesn't appear to fit.他也似乎正因此而佳作名扬It seems that what makes his work notable作品中展现了他的意愿  欲望is his willingness, his appetite,冲破禁锢和束缚to break barriers and conventions,他以摄影为媒介  来表达对界限的突破as he pushes his medium, photography, I believe, to its boundaries,这是对于艺术and, um,  as in art,因此  对于生活  也会这样so, it would appear, in life.我明白了I see.单调  枯燥  充满信仰的皇室生活The narrow path, the straight, Christian path,不是他的风格is not to his taste.我们熟知的是To the best of our knowledge...他最近和...he is currently conducting不少于三人保持着亲密关系no fewer than three other intimate relationships.什么What?和谁With whom?与杰奎·陈小姐With a Miss Jacqui Chan,是位来自东方的舞蹈家和歌星an Oriental dancer and singer.还有  吉娜·沃德一位女演员With Gina Ward, an actress.还有罗宾·班克斯小姐 是他的前助理And with a Miss Robin Banks,his former assistant.这些  我们补充下These, we should add...都是一般的而已Are just the natural ones.什么What?我们有理论推断阿姆斯特朗·琼斯先生There is good reason to suspect that Mr. ArmstrongJones对同性有断袖之癖has a taste for members of his own sex他的好朋友和伴郎and that his close friendship with his proposed best man,杰瑞米·弗里先生 是  是什么Mr. Jeremy Fry, is...Yes.- 实际上是  - 说吧  汤米- ...in fact Yes - All right, Tommy.还没提到他夫人呢Not to mention his wife.说吧  卡米拉Please.Camilla.原名  格林林Formerly Grinling.是阿姆斯特朗·琼斯先生的前女友An erstwhile girlfriend of ArmstrongJones.怀有身孕  独自一人Who is now expecting, herself.有她的照片吗Do you have a photograph of her?有的We do.如果您允许  先生们  这是惯例If you agree, gentlemen,it's customary此刻通知内政大臣to inform the Home Secretary at this point.天啊  吉姆  好了  好了Christ, Jim. All right, all right, all right.好吗  对OK? Right.半麻醉了  陛下  谢谢Some twilight sleep, ma'am. Thank you.很高兴告诉您  王后的孩子即将诞生I'm happy to tell you, delivery of the Queen's child is expected imminently.老天爷啊Oh, well. Good gracious.也许我们可以代表政府祈祷一下Well, um, perhaps a moment's prayer on behalf of the government?上帝啊  我们的天父  神圣而高大O Lord, our heavenly Father, high and mighty,万王之王  万主之主king of kings, lord of lords...好了There we are.王子的唯一统治者...the only ruler of princes,从你的万视宝座  注视着地球的人民who dost, from Thy throne, behold all the dwellers upon Earth.由衷地  我们恳求您  施与恩惠Most heartily, we beseech Thee, with thy favor,目睹了最高尚的贵族夫人  伊丽莎白王后to behold our most gracious Sovereign Lady, Queen Elizabeth,用圣灵的恩惠充满她and so replenish her with the grace of thy Holy Spirit,她也会永远崇拜您that she may always incline走您挑选的路to Thy will and walk in Thy way...授予她丰富的神圣礼物Endue her plenteously with heavenly gifts.我靠Shit.赋予她  健康与财富  长久的生命Grant her, in health and wealth, long to live.让她坚强  好让她征服打败所有敌人Strengthen her, that she may vanquish and overcome all her enemies最终  在这生命终结之时and, finally, after this life...见鬼Ah, shit!她会通过耶稣基督  我们的主...she may attain everlasting joy and felicity得到永恒的快乐和幸福through Jesus Christ, our Lord.- 阿门  - 阿门- Amen. - Amen.这里是伦敦  新闻来了This is London. Here is the news.新王子将会成为王位第二继承人The new prince will be second in line to the throne体重有7磅3盎司and was born weighing seven pounds and three ounces.他的名字即将被揭晓A name is expected to be announced soon.今日的庆典包括来自皇家骑兵炮兵的41响礼炮Celebrations today include a 41gun salute by the Royal Horse Artillery和皇家海军的21响礼炮and a 21gun salute by the Royal Navy.这里是英国广播公司This is the British Broadcasting Corporation...殿下  您的新侄子降生了You have a new nephew, Your Highness.恭喜Congratulations.你好啊Hello.看啊  他好漂亮Look. He's beautiful.谢谢  你想好名字了吗Thank you. Have you thought of a name?我们考虑过乔治Well, we briefly considered George,但这个名字太常用了  反正  没有哪个乔治能有爸爸那么优秀but there's been too many of those, and anyway, no one could live up to Papa.然后我们就想到了路易  那有点太And then we thought of Louis, but that was a bit too...异国风了Foreign. Mm.所以我们决定用安德鲁So, we've decided upon Andrew. Oh...以菲利普的父亲命名After Philip's father.是呢  那个破产的风流男子Yes, the bankrupt philanderer.毕竟是菲利普的父亲Philip's father.既然现在你的孩子安全降生了  一切都好  大家都很开心So, now the baby's here and healthy and all is well, everybody's thrilled,我希望得到你对我和托尼的祝福I would just like your blessing for me and Tony to...- 是的  你知道我要说什么了  - 宣布订婚吗- Yes, you know what I'm about to say. - Announce your engagement?是的Yes.没问题Very well.谢谢你Thank you.但在你宣布订婚  匆忙结婚之前But before you announce it and rush up the aisle...你确定托尼是对的人吗are you sure that Tony's the right man?- 不敢相信你会这么问我  - 玛格丽特- I can't believe you're doing this. - Margaret.在浪漫的恋爱初期  我们都是盲目的In the first flush of a romantic love, we're all blind.我们只看到了想看的东西We see only what we want to see.- 你几乎都不了解他  - 你更不了解他- You hardly know him. - And you know him even less.我只是担心为了让旧伤痊愈而匆忙I'm just concerned that in a rush to heal wounds...是你给我造成的伤害Wounds inflicted by you.你最后将自己献身给一件事  一个人...you end up committing yourself to something, someone,我觉得是不对的that isn't quite right.你自己和我说决定订婚You told me yourself you only embarked on this engagement是因为你听彼得说他想要和别人结婚after you heard from Peter that he intended to marry someone else.我只想确定你这不是为了复仇I just want to make sure that this isn't some kind of revenge.托尼不是复仇的工具  是我自己选择的Tony is no revenge. Tony is a free choice.他给了我希望和梦想的理由Tony has given me reason to hope and dream.他让我感受到了别人无法带给我的东西He makes me feel things no one ever has.我都想象不到的东西Things I didn't imagine possible.这点我不怀疑I don't doubt that.但他也是个非常复杂的人But he's also a very complicated man.有着复杂的背景  谁知道With a complicated past and, who knows,也许现在也复杂a complicated present.那是什么意思What is that supposed to mean?还是说你知道些什么Or is there something you know?如果你知道  就立刻告诉我Because if there is, tell me now.快点Tell me now.我只不过是在问他是不是值得你一生承诺的男人I'm merely asking if he's the right man for a lifelong commitment.他真的准备好迎接婚姻中的起起伏伏了吗Is he really cut out for marriage with all its ups and downs?嫁给托尼是我最想做的事情I will marry Tony if it is the last thing I do.即使是在切尔西婚姻登记处  在当地醉鬼的见证下领证At the Chelsea Registry Office, with a local drunk as witness, if need be.因为托尼完整了我  让我有了意义Because Tony makes sense of me, defines me.终于  我知道了自己是谁  代表了什么At long last, I know who I am and what I represent.那是什么呢And what is that?一个独立的女人A woman in my own right.当代女人A woman for the modern age.尤其是  自由的女人And, above all, a woman who is free.自由地活着  相爱Free to live, to love,可以自由逃离的人and free to break away.但你没要逃离But you're not breaking away.因为你无法放弃头衔  身份  特权Because you won't give up your title, your rank, your privileges,只为一个简单原因for one simple reason.你太喜欢这一切了You enjoy it all too much.王宫  特权  受人尊敬The palaces, the privileges, the deference.一直对你来说都比对我更重要It's always meant more to you than it did to me.然而我只想要Whereas all I wanted to do was...放弃这一切give it all up...消失  变透明disappear and become invisible.这样的话  你的成就就更卓越了Well, in that case, your achievement's all the more remarkable.你戴着王冠就成功消失变透明了As you've managed to disappear and become invisible, while wearing the crown.- 玛格丽特  - 教堂见- Margaret... - I'll see you in the abbey.在克莱伦斯宫宣布了When the announcement of the betrothal婚讯后was made from Clarence House,世界各地的反应不仅是惊讶the reaction everywhere was not only one of surprise也是很开心but also of the greatest pleasure.来到伦敦大街上一定很奇怪Strange to be getting up in a London street,但你肯定要为这样的一天盛装打扮but you must have your hair looking its best on a great day like this.在这好消息宣布前Before the great news was given,公主的未婚夫并不受英国人民熟悉the princess's fiancé was quite unknown to the people of Britain.现在大家都知道他和玛格丽特公主同为29岁Now everyone knows he's 29, the same age as Princess Margaret.他在伊顿公学和剑桥受过教育He was educated at Eton and at Cambridge,他在1950年当过赛艇队的舵手where he coxed the winning crew in 1950,他是不走寻常路  有才的  非常受欢迎的and he's unconventional, talented and very popular他们花了些时间在散步They spent some time walking through the grounds同时镜头继续记录下这可爱的瞬间while the cameras continued to make this delightful record.你父亲肯定会很骄傲Your father would have been proud.不赖嘛  你得承认Well, not bad, you'd have to say.什么What?总是给你丢脸的儿子For the son that always brought you shame.被你拒之门外的儿子  永远不够好的儿子The son that you rejected. The son that was never good enough.我一直认为最后你会良心发现I suppose I always thought that eventually you'd find it in you承认自己为我骄傲to admit that you're proud of me.甚至爱我Perhaps even that you love me.亲爱的  我希望你做这一切不是为了我Darling, I do hope you haven't done all this for me.安东尼·查尔斯·罗伯特  你愿意接受这位女人为你合法妻子Antony Charles Robert, wilt thou have this woman to thy wedded wife,在神的庇佑下白头偕老to live together after God's ordinance永不分离吗in the holy estate of matrimony?你会爱她  让她安心  尊敬她  爱护她Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honor and keep her,不管生老病死in sickness and in health,一生一世and, forsaking all other, keep thee only unto her,只爱她一人as long as ye both shall live?我愿意I will.玛格丽特·罗斯  你愿意接受他为你的合法丈夫Margaret Rose, wilt thou have this man to thy wedded husband,在神的庇佑下白头偕老  永不分离吗to live together after God's ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony?你会爱他  让他安心  尊敬他  爱护他Wilt thou obey him and serve him, love, honor and keep him,不管生老病死in sickness and in health,一生一世and, forsaking all other...只爱他...keep thee only unto him,一人so long as ye both shall live?我愿意I will.翻译  AgnesLee翻译  MonicaSmiles翻译  RossyGeng翻译  奥斯汀妹妹校对  AgnesLee调整  转轮手枪特效  小螺号统筹  麦斯顾问  马萨诸塞de召唤时间轴  小螺号王   冠第二季     第七集擦枪字幕组XGunSubTeam原创译制mcar.cc荣誉出品合作洽谈     Q:864413459■■■人人视频APP在线观看美剧离线高清缓存更有海量高清电影扫码即刻下载特别推荐■各大应用市场均可下载■Xgun擦枪小组 有偿招募译制成员 诚邀阁下加入Q群：545053435请注明职务：翻译、听译、aegisub特效（熟练手）对字幕有任何意见和建议的同学请加Q群：544487177另：招募长期居住加拿大、美国的童鞋帮忙录制CC字幕（有偿）联系QQ：864413459   请注明：CC录制