"迷眼" 前情提要...Previously on "Shut Eye"...我要找的不是傻瓜 我要找的是合伙人I'm not looking for a sucker. I'm looking for a partner.我以前做过很多不靠谱的合伙I've made some dubious partnerships in my life.你有非凡的才能 哈弗福德先生You have a singular talent, Mr. Haverford.你把它浪费在这里真的太可惜了It is a shame you are going to waste it here.要是你想 也可以反叛You can disobey if you want to.牌告诉你怎么做了吗Do the cards tell you how to do that?要是有就好了If only.我看见的是个女孩 我幻象中你的孩子...是个女儿I saw a girl. My vision of your baby... you had a daughter.所以 我和他之中有人错了So one of us is wrong.你怎么知道是男孩How do you know it's him?你没听见他嘴里都喷的是什么粪吗Did you hear the shit that was coming out of his mouth?他可是付了钱的租户Well, he's a paying tenant.他是个种族歧视的混蛋He's a racist pig.我他妈就应该回去把他脑袋拧下来I should go back in there and rip his fucking head off.咱们现在是合法生意了We're legit businessmen now.确定吗Are you sure?我可是分分钟就能把这烂事铲平的'Cause I could get rid of this sick fuck real quick.我不会去求长老会I am not going to ask the Council召开决议会考虑让他回来to call a kris to consider his return.奶奶 你说过我们只有传统Grandma, you said tradition is all we have.娜娜没有父亲也是传统吗Is it tradition that LaLa not have a father?我没有父亲也是吗That I don't?我跟诺娅在一起Why does it bother you so much你怎么就那么不高兴that I've been spending time with Nora?对我来说 她只是怀特医生To me, she'll always be Dr. White,就是有些奇怪so it's just a little weird.她现在是我的精神调节师She's become my spiritual tune-up coach.是死了He's dead.你闯祸了You fucked up.你也是So did you.它们消失了They're gone.你的幻象吗Your vision things?好几周都没有看到过了I haven't had one in weeks.有人吗Hello?有人在吗Hello?!我去 美妞Damn, girl.-选张牌  -没门 哈弗福德- Pick a card. - No way, Haverford.我就练练手It's just for practice.找个没见识过的人Pick on someone who, uh, doesn't know any better.要喝点什么Can I get you something?随便哪种 能最快喝死我就行Yeah, whatever will kill me the fastest.两杯杰克丹尼加冰Two Jacks on the rocks.田纳西威士忌 算了吧Tennessee whiskey. I'll pass.我以为你真想呛死自己I thought you wanted to choke on it.那行吧Uh, that'll do it.别 我不能让你给钱No, I can't take your money.你没得选 我是查理·哈弗福德You have no choice. Charlie Haverford.查理Charlie.咱们老男人得多多关照彼此Us Bulldogs have to look out for one another,尤其在敌人[年轻人]的领地especially in enemy territory.你打哪儿来啊Well, whereabouts are you from?听说过奈沃斯吗 一个加油站 在去...Heard of Nevils? It's just a pit stop on the road to...去萨瓦纳的路上On the way to Savannah.听说过 我有回在那儿停车加过油Yes, sir, I believe I stopped for gas there one time.那里没别的事可做Not much else to do there.你...You, uh...你的口音没了You lost your drawl.你也是So did you.小时候就被带到这儿来了Got dragged out here as a kid.记不得多少事 除了一些故事Can't remember much, other than some stories.你来这里干什么What are you doing out here?噢 我在找一个姑娘Oh, I'm looking for a girl.我们不都是吗Aren't we all?只是我已经找到了Only I found mine.我要娶她I'm gonna marry her.我还不知道你的名字I didn't get your name.好久不见 亲爱的Well, hello, sweetheart.我还不确定找对地方没I wasn't sure I had the right place直到这个白痴开始拿你的老底骗我till this shithead tried to sell me your backstory.至少他认真听你的话了At least we know he listens to you.这么说 你是在这里工作了So, this is where you work.再待几星期For another few weeks.我和查理要搬去加州了Charlie and I are moving to California.你到底过来干嘛What are you doing here?我过来给你生日惊喜I came to surprise you for your birthday.那是上周了It was last week.十六号啊The 16th.是十一号 一直都是It's the 11th, like it's always been.妈妈的生日才是十六号Mama's was the 16th.生日快乐Happy birthday.-你要死了吗  -还没- You dying? - Not yet.-你要钱吗  -就不允许爸爸- You need money? - You know, can't a daddy时不时探望一下自己的宝贝女儿吗just look in on his little girl every once in a while?我六年没见你了I haven't seen you in six years.我四处讨生活 你知道的I travel for the work. You know that.估计没人比你忙More than anyone, I reckon.所以...So...你那伙计...this fella of yours...你是不是想说... 他是老鼠Let me guess... he's a rat?吃老鼠 他是蛇Eats rats. He's a snake.我一进门就被他盯上了He sized me up as soon as I walked in.应该是这双靴子吸引了他的注意I think it's the boots that might've caught his eye.你觉得呢What do you think?很帅气They are nice.鳄鱼皮的Alligator.鳄鱼吃蛇Gators eat snakes.不是吗Don't they?只要你吩咐Just say the word.不说吗No?那你最好把这个还给他I guess you better give that back to him, then.手痒难以自制吗Couldn't help yourself?查理是好人Charlie's a good man.他会是个好父亲的He's gonna make a great father.不是那种随随便便就能找到的Not that you could pick one out of a lineup.你要生小孩了You're having a baby.还早呢Still early.恭喜你Congratulations.你可以说得再诚恳点You could say it like you mean it.拜托 你怀孕了Come on. You're pregnant.马上要结婚 还要搬到别的城市You're gonna get married. You're changing cities.这么多事 你想要我说什么It's a lot. What do you want me to say?好 你是对的Yeah, you're right.你现在才参与进来会很奇怪 不是吗Be strange for you to weigh in now, wouldn't it?好吧All right.你真的很像你妈妈You are so much like your mama.关键是 你也很像我You know, the problem is, you're like me, too,我对此感到抱歉and I am sorry about that.我很抱歉让你觉得I'm sorry that I taught you to think自己不该过得很好that you don't deserve better.还是恭喜你Congratulations.你妈想让你留着这个Your mama wanted you to have that.我想你俩都值得拥有它And I reckon you both earned it.我爱你 小花生I love you, peanut.你喜欢修身剪裁吗You liking the slim cut?因为我既不是牛仔 也不是七十年代男优Since I'm neither a cowboy or a '70s porn star,我得问 非要灯芯绒吗I have to ask. Corduroy?灯芯绒是经典材料Corduroy's a classic material.经典从不过时Classics never go out of style.我觉得帅极了I think you look fantastic.或许我该说 帅得够伟大Or should I say magnificent?我后悔把艺名告诉你了[查理小时候演魔术时自称"伟大的"魔法师]I regret sharing my stage name with you.我觉得很好听I think it's cute.我10岁时也这么觉得I did, too, when I was 10.你那么小就知道自己注定出人头地You knew you were destined for greatness even back then.我觉得那是个预兆I think that's telling.-把这收进去  -我们不能用这艺名- Take this in. - We're not using the name.当然不 你是查理·哈弗福德Oh, God, no. You're Charlie Haverford.我们不会以任何其他方式来包装你We wouldn't sell you any other way.你是拥有非凡天赋的平凡人You're an ordinary man with an extraordinary gift.是天赋才怪Gift, right.我认为我们应该宣传下那次意外I think we should play up the accident.幻象是在严重创伤后产生的The visions appeared as a result of severe trauma.我屎都被打出来了I got the shit kicked out of me.或许这一点略过不计Maybe we leave that part out.也许... 也许那次事故让你变得与灵魂更有联系Or maybe... or maybe it makes you more relatable.试试看华达呢Let's see the gabardine.我不想让你的汗浸透西装I don't want you sweating through your suit.虽然那样会有助于暗示Although that may help suggest幻象是很费力的that the visions are more taxing.如果出了什么事还有借口可以开脱It could offer a way out if something goes wrong,能让你时不时休息一下give you a break from time to time.你真的需要我在这吗Do you even need me here?你怎么看 你的想法很重要What do you think? Your opinion matters.她应该是在和你说话I think she's talking to you.我们会从小活动开始We'll start off in a small venue,试验下各种方式try out a couple of different approaches,找到你最喜欢的see what you're comfortable with.当然 幻象才是我们真正的成功因素Of course, the visions are the real "X" Factor.等我们开始运作起来 老天都拦不住我们If we hit the ground running, the sky is the limit.眼镜Glasses.我觉得眼镜很好I think glasses.它们不在了They're gone.什么What?我的幻象My visions.它们不见了 我已经有一个月没看到幻象了They're gone. I haven't had one in a month.以前也出现过 但从没有过这么久It's happened before but never this long.这下放心了Well, that's a relief.希望它们别再出现了I hope they stay gone.什么What?怎么了What?你在听我说吗Are you hearing me?我听得清清楚楚I heard you just fine.你觉得幻象让你变得与众不同You think the visions make you special.我不这么认为I don't.甚至在几分钟之前Hell, up until a couple of minutes ago,我都觉得整个故事是你编造的I thought you were making the whole thing up.可你居然相信帕斯能和宇宙沟通吗But you believe Paz can communicate with the universe?我只是支持他的说法I said I support his claims.和相信有小小的区别It's a minor distinction.区别大了It's a big distinction.帕斯觉得他能和宇宙交流Paz thinks he's communing with the universe,他就是在和宇宙沟通he is communing with the universe.对我而言 你的幻象是个未知数To me, your visions are a wild card,而我害怕未知数and wild cards scare me.我喜欢了解我面对的是什么I like to know what I am dealing with.我找到你不是因为你的幻象Listen, I didn't pursue you because you can see things.而是因为你的天赋I pursued you because you have talent.你能够心理分析所有人You can cold read with the best of them.你很聪明 又能干 而且...You are smart, you are capable, and you are...而且我还是个诈骗犯And I'm in on the con.这让我轻松多了Which makes my life much easier.我们先说好Let's make a deal.如果我们之中任何一方没有兑现承诺And if one of us doesn't hold up our end,另外一方可以立马走人the other one can walk away from this thing at any time.继续说I'm listening.真好笑Funny.我们的协议是这样的The deal is this.不能欺骗对方We do not con each other.永远Ever.怎么样Sound good?很好Great.走吧Let's go.我... 我经常有疯狂又无法抵抗的冲动I just... I have this crazy, irresistible urge想买下所有东西to just buy one of everything.这正常吗I mean, is that normal?记得看看价钱吊牌Always look at the price tags.它们应该能遏止你的冲动They tend to make things more resistible.我的老天爷啊Sweet baby Jesus.他付不起这里任何一件东西Yeah, well, he couldn't afford anything in this place.告诉我要怎么做 快说服我Ugh. So, tell me what to do, like, talk me out of this.告诉我 我真的需要什么I mean, tell me what I really need.尿不湿 奶水 和能安全睡觉的地方Diapers, boobs, a safe place to sleep.先去登记好Just complete your registry,剩下的东西等产前派对后再买then buy what's left after the shower.我不懂产前派对 你开过吗Sho... I don't know about a shower. Did you have a shower?怀上尼克的时候The girls I worked with threw me a shower一起工作的姐妹们帮我开过when I was pregnant with Nick.老板不让我们在里面开My boss wouldn't let us have it inside,所以她们就把桌子拉到停车场so they dragged tables out to the parking lot.大概男人们来脱衣舞俱乐部Not exactly what guys are looking for并不想看到产前派对when they walk into a strip club.快告诉我吧 你在吊我胃口Come on. You're leaving me in suspense.B超检查结果怎么样What did the ultrasound say?哦 不 我跟妇产科医生说我不想知道Oh, no. I told my OB that I didn't want to know.可同事们 她们想给我开个...But the girls at my office, they want to throw me a, um...怎么说来着 公布宝宝性别的派对What is it called? A gender reveal party?-我听说过  -嗯- I've heard about those. - Mm.我怀尼克的时候还没有这些They didn't have that when I was pregnant with Nick.-听起来很好玩  -真的吗 你这么想吗- Sounds fun. - Really? You think so?听起来就像千禧年这种瞎扯的事情I mean, it just sounds like millennial nonsense to me.他们想周五开They want to do it Friday night.-在哪儿  -在办公室- Where? - At the office.不行 这主意太糟糕了No way. It's a terrible idea.等到产房再去感受医院的味道吧Save the stale hospital smell for the delivery room.你要来我们家开趴You are gonna have it at our place.得了吧 不行 我不能这样麻烦你Oh, come on, no. I can't let you do that.我坚持I insist.你帮了我和查理这么多之后It's the least that we can do这是我们至少应做的after all the help you've been to Charlie and me.B超结果在哪儿Where's the ultrasound?在我家里 一个密封的信封里It's at my house in a sealed envelope.完美That's perfect.你带上它来派对You bring it to the party,然后每个人... 包括你都会有惊喜and we surprise everyone... even you.额Eh.查理说是个女孩儿Well, Charlie said it was a girl.帕斯说是男孩Paz said it was a boy.也许他们都是对的Maybe they're both right.也许这只是第一个孩子Maybe this is just your first.我在那儿站了十分钟I was standing there for like 10 minutes想计个时 免得太快洗掉trying to time it so it wouldn't wash out too soon,就等着西姆拉冲进来just waiting for Simza to burst in.-所以她信了  -是的- So she believed it. - Mm-hmm.太聪明了That's fuckin' brilliant.我不应该跟我姑妈学的 应该来找你I should've taken lessons from you instead of my aunt,因为我上次的骗局给搞砸了because the last scam that I tried blew up in my face.这不是骗局 是自我防卫This wasn't a scam. It was self-defense.小托尼怎么办What about Little Tony?他... 他不会发现吗Is, um... Isn't he going to figure it out?第二天早上 他问我发生了什么Yeah, so, the next morning, he asked me what happened.他什么都不记得了Didn't remember a thing.所以我跟他说我帮他瞒过去了So I told him I saved his ass.还跟他说 他硬不起来I told him he couldn't get it up.厉害吧Yeah.太管用了It worked.他丢脸得不行 再没问过我He was so embarrassed, he hasn't asked for it since.什么 什么啊What? What?就是个无聊的照片被传来传去It's just some stupid thing going around.天哪Oh, my God.不是针对你 可你们学校烂爆了Nothing personal, your school sucks.相信我 我懂的Believe me, I know.都只是些谣言 好吗They're just rumors, all right?他们... 他们什么都不知道Look, they don't... they don't know anything.也许现在什么都不知道May not know anything now,不过很快就会知道了but I'm sure they'd find out soon enough.我敢打赌小托尼在到处炫耀Bet Little Tony's telling everyone.你应该以毒攻毒吗You should fight fire with fire.-怎么弄  -控制这些谣言- How? - Take charge of the rumors.给他们一些能传的八卦Give them something else to talk about.嗯Hm.坐过去点Scoot over.笑一个Smile.快点 以毒攻毒吗Oh, come on. Fire with fire, right?以毒攻毒Fire with fire.你在这个家伙这里有什么发现What'd you find on our guy?店里没太多资料Not much paperwork around.没有考勤卡或任何东西I mean, no timecards or anything.他连一个雇员都没有 只有他自己He didn't have any employees. It was just him.那家人呢Family?我没找到任何照片I didn't find any photos.我叫我表哥按照他驾照上的地址去核对了一下I sent my cousin to check his address on his driver's license.他一个人住He lives alone.没人会牵挂他No one to miss him.那这块垃圾怎么样 值点钱吗What about this junk? Worth anything?我刚开始检查I just started going through it,但是我发现了一些东西 也可能不是值钱货but I found something that might be nothing.过来Come here.赌5块钱 这是激光影碟机5 bucks says it's LaserDisc players.我操Fuck me.这他妈的可是军事级别This shit is military-grade.我们杀死了一个该死的军火走私贩We killed a fuckin' gun-runner.我欠你5块钱I owe you 5 bucks.啊 该死Ah, fuckin' hell.妈Ma.你就是这样生活的吗Is this how you live?猪圈都比这里整洁A pig sty is more orderly.要喝点什么吗Something to drink?我有水 还有...哦 水I got water and, uh... uh, water.不用了 谢谢No, thanks.所以你收到我的信息了吗So you got my message?你请求召开长老会... 那要求有点过分Your request for a kris... that's a lot to ask.我知道I know.但我最近一直在努力...改变自己But I've been working really hard... on myself.噢 拜托Oh, please.从你被赶出家门已经有2个月了It has been two months since you have been banished.不要试着说服我你已经洗心革面了Don't try to convince me you're a different person.可是从那之后我一直都在反省But I've been doing a lot of reflection since then.我不在乎你一直在做什么I don't care what you've been doing或你认为什么是你应得的or what you think you deserve.天啊 妈 对不起Jesus, Ma, I'm sorry.可以让我把话说完吗Am I allowed to say my piece, hmm?西姆拉和我知道你想重新加入这个家族Simza and I are aware of your appeals to rejoin the family.我们正在考虑你的请求We are considering them.可是有些条件But there are conditions.你需要赔偿And restitution to be paid.我会对每个人进行赔偿I'll pay everyone.不惜一切代价Whatever it takes.我只想和我的孩子们在一起I just want to spend time with my kids.多么感人啊How touching.因为你的过失Because of your action,马克思家族已经不存在了the Marks family no longer exists.我们现在是兰科家族了We are Rankos now.如果允许你回到家族当中And if you're allowed to return,你也会成为兰科家族的一员you will be one, too.我明白I understand.你真的明白吗Do you?这就意味着你将不再是一家之主了It means you'd no longer be the head of the household.这个位置是白托尼的长子的That falls on White Tony's eldest.也就是你的女婿Your son-in-law.他只是一个小屁孩He's just a kid.他是被你一手送上这个位置的Who was elevated by your own hands,现在你必须遵守他的规则and now you have to abide by his rules.如果你同意 我就去联系约西普 提出正式请求Then, I'll reach out to Josip and make a formal request.与此同时...In the meantime...把这里收拾一下do something about this.真是令人难堪It's an embarrassment.我他妈的为什么要自愿做这事Why the fuck did I volunteer to do this?因为这是普通人做的...Because this is what normal people do......而某人决定试着...and someone decided to try做一阵子普通人doing normal for a while.真令人吃惊啊What a surprise.我收到一封邮件说聚会位置改了I got an e-mail about the party changing locations.现在 我知道你不会问改到哪里了Now, I know you're not one to ask.在灵修会我们就知道了We learnt that at the retreat.但是既然查理一直在练习But since Charlie's away practicing,我觉得你可以帮我一把I thought you could do with a hand.这瓶酒是为我们准备的 但是我还买了别的This one's for us, but I bought more.这是小吃和聚会礼品Snacks and party favors.进来吧Get in here.查理告诉过我 你们俩有一个儿子Charlie tells me you two have a son.尼克 15岁Nick. He's 15.几周以后就满16岁了He'll be 16 in a few weeks.我都搞不清楚时间怎么过得这么快I have no idea how that happened.是啊Oof.你呢What about you?噢 没有孩子Oh, no kids.孩子不在我的计划之中They didn't fit with the plan.你结过婚You were married.结了两次 有那么明显吗Twice. That obvious?你无名指上有晒出的戒指印Tan line on your ring finger.上一段婚姻6个月前结束了The last one finished six months ago.这一次是他提出的He ended it this time.你和同一个男人结了两次婚吗You were married to the same guy twice?我是那种不会放弃好东西的人I'm not one to give up on a good thing.很显然 也可能是坏东西Or a bad one, apparently.我还没签离婚协议I still haven't signed the papers.鬼知道为什么 很奇怪 对吗Who knows. Stranger things, right?这个我应该怎么做What should I do with this?我们换吧I'll trade you.你说查理一直在练习You said Charlie was practicing.他习惯对他面前的人作出回应Well, he's used to reacting to people in front of him,一对一one-on-one.现在他必须要为人师表Now he has to stand and deliver.演说啊Speechify.从本质上说 是的Mm, essentially, yes,可是比言语更重要的是... 要相信这些话but more important than the words is... believing them.他需要证明他说的都是真的He needs to prove he means what he says.你觉得我们是骗人的艺术家You think we're scam artists.我认为你们的客户从你们那里收获了一些东西I think your clients get something from you,就像你们在灵修会有所收获一样like you did when you came to the retreat.我们任何一个人都不应该评判治愈人们的方法It's not for any of us to judge how people heal.把这些话说给查理听 他认为帕斯做的都是些骗人的把戏Tell that to Charlie. He thinks Paz is full of shit.我担心人们也会这样看待查理I'm worried people will feel the same about Charlie.他讲话时 如...如果哪怕When he speaks, if... if there is even有一点虚伪the slightest hint of inauthenticity,他就会被赶出房间he will be chased out of the room.他需要做一个诚实的人He needs to be a man of faith.你在让他做什么What do you have him doing?我会让他做一些准备工作I gave him some homework.让他给我写一篇布道Told him to write me a sermon.这件事最好很重要This better be important.我还有两个预约 都是引荐过来的I have two more appointments, both referrals.他们可能再也不上门了I may never get them back.对不起 我必须早点打烊Sorry. I got to close up early.我会补偿你的I will make it up to you.我想要个星期六做工作日I want a Saturday.不行No.我给你一个星期天 但是由我来选具体哪天I'll give you a Sunday, but I pick which one.好吧Fair.新眼镜吗New glasses?是啊 你觉得怎么样Yeah. Yeah. What do you think?我怎么想不重要It doesn't matter what I think.可是从内心来讲 你太努力了But the spirits think you're trying too hard.烧烤的事我很抱歉 那不是我的主意Sorry about the barbecue. It wasn't my idea.沉默是吧Silent treatment.所以 是啊 你要和我一起经历这事了So, yeah, you're gonna suffer through this with me.这是你能做的最起码的事It's the least you can do."我们不是顾念所见的"We look not at the things which are seen but at the things乃是顾念所不见的which are not seen, for all the things因为所见皆是暂时which are seen are temporal,所不见皆是永恒"but the things which are not seen are eternal."听到了吗Hear that?你的身体是永恒的Your body's eternal."镇之以无名之朴 夫将不欲"Simplicity without a name is free from all external aim,不欲以静with no desire at rest and still.天下将自镇"All things go right as of their will.""一只鱼 两只鱼 红鱼 蓝鱼""1 fish, 2 fish, red fish, blue fish."怎么样 很有意思吧Come on. That was funny.这也没有那么难This can't be that hard.当...When...不No.不要Nope.闭嘴Shut up.-小托尼  -很高兴见到你- Little Tony. - Good to see you.我能有幸感受到新生命吗Do I detect the glow of new life here?如果有那么快就好了We could only be so lucky so soon.请进来吧Please, come inside.谢谢你Thank you.考虑到你们目前家庭结合在一起的方式Given the way this union came together,我对这结果很满意I'm very pleased with how it's worked out.他们之间有惊人的化学反应 你们觉得呢They have marvelous chemistry. Don't you think?哦 我同意 完全同意Oh, I agree. I totally agree.你家人怎么样And how's your family?我希望一切都好 因为我听说I hope all is well, because I hear your grandson你孙子刚刚手术出院is recovering from surgery.阑尾炎 是的Appendicitis, yeah.唉Oh.我明白小孩生病让人多么难受I know how hard it is when a child is sick.我们有时候也会想 怎么...And we sometimes wonder how...怎么管一家子的各种事how we do with so many under the roof.是啊 大多数日子 我都不知道我们怎么做到的 老实说Yeah, most days, I don't know how we manage, honestly.这就是我来这儿的原因This is why I'm here.你们想 呃 得到额外的帮助You want, uh, additional assistance.已经有好转了 小托尼在财务这块We have cut back, and Little Tony has done做得挺好了 是吧a wonderful job with the finances, right?但他还没有到能独当一面的年纪But he is not yet of age to contribute to the household.你们想说什么What are you asking for?我们认为是时候让一个人加入进来了We think it's time to bring someone in一个熟悉我们两个家族的人someone who knows both families.就这意思Mm-hmm.我可以在你们家多花点时间I could arrange to spend a little more time here,-如果你们愿意  -噢- if you'd like. - Oh.噢 你真是个好朋友Oh, you're such a good friend.但我们想要一个和家里更亲近的人But we want somebody closer to home.你想要长老会再接纳方索吗You want the Council to restore Fonso?我们希望召开一次长老会 考虑下这个提议We want a kris to take this request into consideration.-嗯  -是的- Mm-hmm. - Yes.是的 这就是我们想要的Yes, this is what we want.这个提议 你全力支持吗And this request has your full support?我们两个家族之间已经有太多恩怨There has been enough bad blood between our families.现在有了这对年轻夫妻的完美联姻 这...And now with this beautiful union, it's...是时候放下过去的恩怨了it's time to put that to rest.永久地For good.我们能得到什么保证吗 他会守规矩吗And what guarantee do we have? That he'll toe the line?甚至连我都很惊讶他现在的变化Even I am totally surprised by the man he has become.跟孩子的分离深深地改变了他Being separated from his children changed him profoundly.嗯Mm.我看见你和她的手握得又紧又亲密I see you've got your claws in her nice and deep.我只是惊讶你竟然这么久才提出I'm only surprised it took this long.噢 西姆拉完全有能力做出自己的决定Oh, Simza is perfectly capable of making her own decisions.事实上 我和她之间有很多争执In fact, this has been quite a struggle between us.但这是我们为数不多的共识But this is one of the few times we agree.丽塔 我不是蒂伯 我也不是方索Rita, I'm not Tibor, and I'm not Fonso,你不能像玩弄你生命中的每一个男人一样对我and you can't play me like every man in your life.家庭是第一位的Family comes first.对此我深信不疑 你曾经也是这样This I always believed, as you did once.我希望你记住I hope you remember.但如果这超出了你的理解 那我就用你能理解的话来解释But if this is beyond you, let me use terms you do understand.权利和金钱Power and money.现在 我们两者都有大损失Right now, we're hemorrhaging both.而且你和我一样清楚方索提出的条件And you know as well as I do what Fonso brings to the table.我可以召集长老会I can call a kris.但我不能保证你会得到你想要的支持I can't guarantee you'll have the support you need.你们都必须在会上为自己辩护You all have to be there to defend yourself...你 小托尼 西姆拉还有方索you, Little Tony, Simza, and Fonso.明白了吗Understood.真不要脸Scandalous.我是我自己的I'm my own man.是的 我还挺幸运Yeah, I've been lucky. Aside from a little bit除了一点点晨吐 我还好of morning sickness, I've been great.哦 等婴儿用手肘顶你的肾再说吧Oh. Wait till the baby elbows you in the kidneys.那时候才真正开始有意思That's when the real fun starts.-老实说 我都等不及了  -嘿- Honestly, I can't wait for that. - Hey.-给你的  哦 谢谢你- Here you go. - Oh. Thank you.来一杯吗 苹果酒Would you like one? Cider.谢谢Thank you.啊 我去去就来Ah. I'll be right back.好Yeah.真没想到会看到你 我以为你去徒步旅行了呢Didn't expect to see you. I thought you were on walkabout.拜托 我会错过这个吗Come on. And miss this? Hmm?开悟可以等Enlightenment can wait.所以 我们第一次遇见时So, I bet that you never envisioned,你肯定没有看到我再次回到这房子的幻象when we first met, that I would be back in this house again,更没看到我是受邀客人了let alone an invited guest.很明显 我不是一个好灵媒Clearly, I'm not a very good psychic.就算没有超能力You don't need to have superpowers你也可以帮助别人 查理to help people, Charlie.我很高兴你终于明白这一点了I'm glad that you are finally understanding that.玛姬跟你说了我俩的小冒险了 是吗Maggie told you about our little venture, did she?是啊 我为你俩感到开心Yeah. I'm happy for you, and I'm glad for her.对了 我认为她...Besides, I think she was getting...对我有不可名状的压抑a little creatively stifled with me.她性欲极度旺盛 是这样吗She's a bit of a ball-buster, that one, isn't she?处理好你的轻重缓急Well, just keep your priorities straight.你会没事的You'll be fine.好的Okay.大家注意 时间到了It is time, everyone.耶Ooh!谢谢你 不 我不是家里的魔术师Thank you. No, I am not the magician in the family,但我还是知道一两个小把戏but I still know a trick or two.正如你们现在看到的 这是一个常见的气球As you can see, this is a typical balloon,装满了热空气 就像生活中男人一样filled with hot air like the men in our lives.现在 诺娅 现在还不是你硬膜外麻醉的时候[分娩]Now, Nora, it is not time for your epidural just yet,不过 大家觉得我们揭晓答案怎么样but what do you say we answer the question of the day?如果你愿意 请尽地主之谊吧If you would, please, do the honors.噢耶Ooh.是个女孩It's a girl!太棒了That was amazing!好吧 这太奇怪了Well, that's odd.我可以发誓 你说过会是个男孩I could've sworn you said it was a boy.蛋糕Cake.谢谢Thank you.布道进行得如何How's the sermon coming?进展顺利It's really coming along well.我等不及要听了I can't wait to hear it.大家请听我说 好吗Can I have everyone's attention, please?我想向我亲爱的朋友诺娅I would like to extend a blessing献上祝福to my dear friend Nora.愿你现在心中的快乐May the joy that you feel in your heart right now从你的生命延续到你的第一个孩子生命中extend through your life into the life of your firstborn.我还希望你知道 无论何时你需要我And I hope you know that whenever you need me,无论何地 我都会在你身边wherever you need me, I will be there.我可能没有婴儿监视器那么好I may not be as good as a baby monitor,但是我会倾听but I'll be listening.-哇哦  -谢谢你- Aww. - Thank you.说得真好That's beautiful.-查理...  嗯 怎么了- Charlie... - Hmm?...你没什么要说的吗...isn't there something you wanted to say?啊 什么Huh?关于抚养女儿的感言Something about raising a daughter.很让人感动It's really moving.是啊Yeah.女孩很好Girls are amazing.很贴心也很难懂And sweet and complicated.她们比男孩更坚强And they are much stronger than boys.也许因为女孩比男孩成熟得快Probably because girls mature faster than boys,男孩比较慢and boys are slow.不是"慢" 是比较慢Not "Slow," But slower.我不是为了证明你的观点 亲爱的Not to prove your point for you, honey,不过是时候拆礼物了but it is time to open gifts.不如你先闭嘴 让我们开心下好吗So why don't you shut it so we can have some fun?就是Yeah!-坐吧 亲爱的  -谢谢- Have a seat, sweetheart. - Thank you.你在给谁发短信Who are you texting?学校里的朋友Friend from school.我以为你讨厌学校呢I thought you hated it there.嘿 我们能谈谈吗Hey, can we talk?认真聊聊Like a real conversation?谈点正事About serious stuff?什么What?我觉得我们应该再试试I think we should try again.第一天晚上我们试着做的事...The thing that we tried to do the first night...被我搞砸了...that I messed up and...够了 我懂了Stop. I get it.我一直在努力练习...It's just that I've been practicing, and...天啊Oh, my God.真恶心Gross.这次我不会让你失望的I'm not gonna let you down this time.我现在没空 好吗I can't do this right now, okay?我明天有考试I've got a test tomorrow.我下楼去复习了I'm gonna study downstairs.别等我了Don't wait up.妈的Fuck.好几小时都这样It's literally hours of this.有时会有人进来Sometimes someone will come in,四处看看 然后又离开they'll look around, and then they leave.看这Watch this.没人买任何东西No one buys anything.他自己也不买任何东西And neither does he.整个店就他妈是个掩护Then the entire fuckin' shop's a front.我是这么猜的That's my guess.等等 停下Whoa, whoa, whoa, stop.回放Go back.就这 播放Here. Play it.可能是我们要找的人Could be our guy.冷静Play it cool.你要冷静才对You play it cool.凯劲在哪Where's Caygeon?恐怕他已经没在这工作了I'm afraid he's out of commission.他怎么了What happened to him?信任问题Trust issues.我知道你懂的I'm sure you could understand that.什么What?看起来不错Looks good.我能问下是在哪搞的吗Mind me asking where you acquired these?预付50 货到再付10050 down, 100 on delivery.你们要多少钱How much?先付5050 down,货到再付125125 on delivery.送给我当诚意吗A sign of good faith?我一直想学吉他来着Always wanted to learn.我觉得可以送I think we can make that happen.原谅自己没有捷径There's no right way to forgive yourself.没有一喝就灵的魔药There's no magical cure.跟生活中所有事情一样 你得自己努力Like everything in life, you just have to work at it.时间会治愈一切Time heals all wounds.要我说 这句就是屁话If you ask me, that's some bullshit right there.你不是因为时间流逝好起来的You don't feel better because time has passed.而是因为你自己在努力好转You feel better because you've processed it.每种情感 每个细节 你都慢慢放下了Every emotion, every detail, you put it to bed.你投入了努力You've put in the work.你的右手边第二排 金发女Blonde woman, second row to your right.你现在就在努力 是不是You're putting in the work right now, aren't you?两年前的车祸Car accident, two years ago.当时是她在开车She was driving.看起来是她的责任Looks like she was at fault.有人受伤There were injuries.你在跟我们示意 你应该跟他们互动才对You're reacting to us. You need to react to them.你因为那场车祸责怪自己You blame yourself for the accident.是你开的车You were driving.她可能失去了自己的儿子She may have lost her son.但不知两者有没有关联I'm not sure if it's related.正在查询更多细节Getting more details.你不能... 不能原谅自己You can't, uh... You can't forgive yourself.找不到任何出生记录Can't find any birth record...在...Whe...没事的 没事的It's okay. It's okay.你现在很安全You're in a safe place.我们都在这陪着你We're all with you here.你的儿子...Your son...他叫什么what was his name?克里斯托弗Christopher.你当时怀了多久How far along were you?五个月Five months.克里斯托弗想告诉你 他不怪你Christopher wants you to know that he doesn't blame you.他也不想你责怪自己And he doesn't want you to blame yourself, either.操 真牛Oh, damn.刚刚怎么回事 哪里出了错What was that? What the fuck went wrong?没有 至少我没觉得Nothing, far as I could see.没有吗 不 是我运气好Nothing? No. I-I got lucky.本有可能是场灾难That could've been a disaster.但没有啊But it wasn't.因为你跟我想象中的一样专业Because you are exactly the pro I thought you'd be.你是故意乱来的 对不对You messed with the equipment on purpose, didn't you?你得自己看清自己有多能干You needed to see for yourself what you are capable of.那里可没有什么茶叶或是塔罗牌There aren't any tea leaves or tarot cards back here.只有你和他们This is just you and them.你也给帕兹扯这些屁话吗You pulled this shit with Paz, too?帕兹成功的秘诀在于他相信自己Paz is successful because he believes in himself.他有妄想症He's delusional.也许吧 但他不害怕Maybe. But he isn't afraid.那我怕咯But I am?你最终会变得对自己有信心的Eventually, you will come to believe in yourself像我一样相信你自己as much as I do.抱歉不告而来Hey. Sorry to intrude.进来吧Oh, come on in.这是什么What is this?因为那场派对给你的小小谢礼啦It's, you know, just a little thank you for the party.别说笑了Don't be ridiculous.给你带了很多麻烦Well, you went to a lot of trouble.没 根本不麻烦 而且还有人帮我Oh. No, it's nothing. And I had help.好吧 我可不想打扰你Well, look, I don't want to bother you.-我知道你在工作  -不 不 不 今天比较空- I know you're working. - No, no, no. It's a slow day.把这个打开吧Let's open this.早前你经历过心碎和失去...You experienced heartbreak and loss early...但都是为了后期找到挚爱only to find love later than most.所以呢...And because of that...之前的亲密关系里 你都有点自私and relationships should tend to be a bit selfish.我会让你知道的 我是给予型的人I'll have you know, I am very giving.不 抱歉啊 我可没看出来No, I'm sorry. I'm not seeing that.我想把礼物篮收回来I want my gift basket back.既收不退No refunds.看手相这种事情要怎么看So, how does this stuff work?你是在看我呢还是看手相Um, are you reading me or my hands?都看Both.你应该知道这些掌纹是生来就有的You realize that these lines are present from birth.真的It's true.婴儿在子宫里攥拳头的姿势决定了这些掌纹的样子They're determined by how we clench our fists in the womb,所以它更多地是表明你会如何挥舞拳头so it tells you more about how someone's gonna而不是展现你性生活的样子throw a punch than what their sex life is like.我有去你办公室 告诉你怎么做你的工作吗Do I come into your office and tell you how to do your job?有啊 两次Yes. Twice.实际上 我觉得更像是三次Actually, I think it was more like three times.抱歉I'm sorry.我不知道为什么这么做I don't know why I did that.我该走了I should go.妈的Oh, fuck.妈的Fuck.