"迷眼" 前情提要...Previously on "Shut Eye"...有个古老的传统There's an ancient tradition.一家之主The master of the house会允许一个忠实的仆人买下自己的自由would allow a faithful servant to buy his freedom.你出多少钱How much are we talking about?五万块应该合理$50,000 should be reasonable.十万$100,000.我不要这种情况出现在我店里I don't want this in my shop.方索有告诉你 他的上一个电话银行Fonso tell you his last phone bank was raided被洛杉矶警方专案组突袭了吗by the LAPD Task Force?我的天 妈妈Jesus, Mom.来干活Get to work.快点Come on.妈的 查理 你他妈快点Damn it, Charlie. Hurry the fuck up.我听到一个声音 吉娜I'm hearing a voice. Gina.他看了我们的邮件 他还做了背景调查He reads our e-mails, and he does a background check.那他怎么知道吉娜的事How could he have known about Gina?你在掠夺我妻子You're preying on my wife.琳达正努力让自己敞开心扉Linda is working very hard to open herself up让自己绝对真诚to radical honesty.你为什么想失败Why do you want to fail?我不知道 你为什么不问问你朋友...I don't know. Why don't you ask your friend...妈的 查理 你他妈快点Damn it, Charlie. Hurry the fuck up.我想感受你的牙齿触碰我的皮肤I want to feel your teeth on my skin.我那时够强了 能保管好那些钱I was man enough to keep the money.准备Jun-Bi!你闯祸了You fucked up.你也是So did you.又睡不着了吗Couldn't sleep again?也不是 只是换个地方睡Not really. Just needed a change of venue.你懂的You know how it is.我很了解I do, indeed.给你Here you go.你先估一下咖啡豆的量的话If you weigh the beans first,就能更好控制煮出来的浓度了it's much easier to control the strength of the brew.爸 妈 看我Mom, Dad, check this out.不错嘛 小伙子Not bad, kiddo.他也在练习塔罗牌呢And he's been practicing his Tarot, too.真的啊Really?当然 我还给我爸算过一次呢Yeah, I even, uh, read Dad the other day.牌上怎么说What'd the cards say?你不会想知道的You don't want to know.-该出门了  -我开车送你- Better get going. - Yeah, I'll drive you.好的All right.你好啊Hey, you.噢 很好00's good.没错Right.回头见I'll be seeing you.又去徒步吗Another hike?明天Tomorrow.又是诺娅Nora again?对我的日程安排也要像对咖啡那样指手画脚吗You remaking my itinerary the way you're remaking my coffee?我不是那个意思I didn't mean it like that.只是个暗示It's just indicative.暗示什么Indicative of what?我们回来以后你的总体情绪Your general mood since we got back.我们周末的"平静与真实"之旅吗From our weekend of peace and truth?没错 过去一个月里 你有些不一样Yeah. This last month, you just haven't been quite the same.这就对了啊Which was the point.没错Right.咱们找时间聊聊We can talk about it later.不 我很高兴现在就聊聊No, I'm happy to talk about it now.我跟诺娅在一起Why does it bother you so much你怎么就那么不高兴that I've been spending time with Nora?不知道 对我来说 她只是怀特医生I don't know. To me, she'll always be Dr. White.就是有些奇怪So it's just a little weird.说实话 她现在是我的精神调节师Honestly, she's become my spiritual tune-up coach.精神调节师Spiritual tune-up coach?帕斯的主意 就像互助对象一样Paz's idea. It's like an AA sponsor.噢 或许她能帮你提高煮咖啡的技能呢Oh. Maybe she can coach you into making decent coffee.妈妈 咱们快迟到了Hey, Mom. We're gonna be late.我也爱你Love you, too.过得开心Have a good day.-再见 爸爸  -再见 儿子- Bye, Dad. - Bye, son.换新车了啊These the new wheels?五星安全等级Five-star safety rating,同级别里三年被评为最佳voted best in its class three years running.想当初 咱们刚买下这里时And to think, when we first bought this place,你刚被驱逐日子过得那叫一个惨you had just been banished and your life was in the shitter.咸鱼翻身了 兄弟You've turned things around, amigo.没错Sí.有志者 事竟成As you think, so shall you become.李小龙说的Bruce Lee said that.不管他了 咱俩有的忙呢Fuck him. You and I got a busy morning.要检查残疾人车位 新的消防规范We got to go over the handicap parking, the new fire code,还得搞定那开当铺的倒霉玩意儿and we got to deal with this cocksucker pawnshop guy.他说不修好电话线就不付房租He's refusing to pay his rent until we fix his phone line.就从他开始吧Let's start with him.可不能让他打给电话公司啊[两人在商店街合开了电话诈骗组织]We don't want him calling the phone company.这不是阿呆与阿瓜吗Well, if it isn't Tweedledee and Tweedledum.早上好 鲍勃Good morning, Bob.你得叫我凯劲先生 小子You call me Mr. Caygeon, boy.是的 凯劲先生Yes, sir, Mr. Caygeon.这还差不多That's more like it.听见了吗You hear that?你听不见No, you don't.因为除了静电声什么都没有Because there's nothing on there but static.自从你们两个弱智接管了这里Ever since you two fucktards took charge,这电话就他妈没再响过the phones haven't worked for shit.随你们怎么说 我觉得我被骗了Now, call me crazy, but I think I'm being gypped.也难怪 谁让这里被肮脏的吉普赛人Not surprising, considering there's a filthy gypsy接管了呢running the joint.请叫我们罗姆人We prefer the term Romani.我他妈才不管你们希望别人怎么叫你们呢Well, I don't give a fat flying fuck what you prefer.我就想赶紧把这破电话修好I want my goddamn phone fixed!还有几个租户也有过电话问题Several other tenants have had telecommunication issues.放心吧 一定给你免费解决Rest assured this'll be resolved at no cost to you.-我认识个人...  -我要美国人- I got a guy who... - I want an American.不要什么从围墙翻过来的狗屁不通的蠢货[此处暗讽爱德华多是墨西哥人]Not some fence-fairy who doesn't know his head from his asshole.我们会让... 一切恢复正常的We will make... everything right.我保证I promise.这个月的房租给你打个折怎么样How about a discount on this month's rent, hmm?别想再拿我当猴耍Don't even think about trying to fuck with me.惹急了我可有你们好看You don't want to see me when I'm cross.赶紧从我店里滚出去吧Now get the hell out of my shop.祝你愉快Have a nice day.我真想杀了这王八蛋I'm gonna kill that motherfucker.冷静点儿Calm down.你没听见他嘴里都喷的是什么粪吗Did you hear the shit that was coming out of his mouth?他可是付了钱的租户Well, he's a paying tenant.他是个种族歧视的混蛋He's a racist pig.我他妈就应该回去把他脑袋拧下来I should go back in there and rip his fucking head off.对那些没能力改变的人One cannot be angry with those who have not无需发火the capacity for change.还来李小龙的屁话吗More Bruce Lee shit?往长远了看Look at the big picture.咱们现在是合法生意了We're legit businessmen now.确定吗You sure?我可是分分钟就能把这烂事铲平的'Cause I could get rid of this sick fuck real quick.给我个和平解决的机会Give me a chance to mediate this.我不仅嘴上说说 还要身体力行If I'm gonna talk the talk, I need to walk the walk.真要刮目相看了All part of the new you, huh?我去调解Mediation.好吧Okay.这混蛋交给你了You deal with this fucker.我忍住了不说话 行吧And I'll bite my tongue, all right?-准备  -好吧- Jun-Bi. - Yeah.不会让你失望的I won't let you down.你迟到了You're late.405公路堵车 我也没办法Traffic on the 405. There's nothing I can do.走塞普维达 那儿从来不堵Take Sepulveda. It's always moving.你的番茄长得不错呀Your tomatoes are coming in so nicely.我一直在等着你I've been waiting and waiting给我些关于长老会的信息for you to give me some information on the Council.说实话 你什么都没跟我说Honestly, you've given me nothing.我的证据够硬才能撑起案子My case is only as good as my evidence,而我的证据要依靠我的线人which is only as good as my informant.我给你拿了这么多白托尼的文件I got you all this paper from White Tony's files那些不是我提起诉讼需要的证据Which are not the smoking gun I need to bring charges.我觉得你在拖延时间I think you're stalling.你让我做的事我都做了I've done everything you've asked me.丽塔 你没明白这是怎么运作的Rita, you're not seeing how this plays out.那就告诉我Well, then enlighten me.我需要照片 日期 和名字I need photos, dates, and names.你现在必须给我些信息You've got to bring me something now.如果没有 我唯一能跟部里汇报的就是If not, the only thing that I have to offer the department你... 和你的孙女is you... and your granddaughter.她嫁给了兰科犯罪家族的头领She's married to the head of the Ranko crime family.理论上来说 她可以全身而退In theory, she could walk away from all this.可你真的想冒险让她脱不了身吗But do you really want to take the chance that she doesn't?我的个人电话My private number.你认真起来的时候打给我Call me when you get serious.嗨 查理 差点忘了Oh, hey, Charlie, I almost forgot.你有个顾客取消了You had a cancellation.马蒂现在每隔一周才来Marty is now coming every other week.他说为什么了吗Did he say why?好像是为了什么灵修会要存钱Something about saving money to go to some retreat.谢了Thanks.这下好了Great.生意有点冷清啊Business looks a little quiet.如果是收租的事 我已经付给爱德华多了If you're here about the rent, I've already paid Eduardo.我知道 租金没问题I know. We're good.我想向我的房东提出投诉Good. I would like to lodge a complaint with my landlord.什么What?你们可疑的呼叫中心影响了我的电话线路Your shady call center is fucking with my phone lines.我会叫人修好的I'll get our guy straight on it.谢谢你Thank you.不过我需要你帮个忙But I need you to do something for me.你是在要求我做 还是在求我做Are you telling me, or are you asking me?求Asking.就是个小忙Just one little favor.看在我的面子上For me.合伙人Partner?真是大开眼界That was really, really eye-opening.谢谢你Thank you.我只是帮你找到真相的媒介罢了I am just a conduit to your own truth.下周见 琳达See you next week, Linda.当然Oh, you bet.突然拜访实在不好意思 可你们的招牌亮着Sorry to drop in unannounced, but your sign was on.没事 你来做什么No worries. What brings you to town?探索一些商业机会Exploring several business opportunities.当我在订单上看到你的名字的时候When I saw your name on the order,就想着我应该亲自来送货I thought I would drop it by myself.感谢你亲自来送Oh, well, I appreciate the personal delivery.看看里面都有些什么Let's see what we got.查理今天没工作吗Is Charlie not working today?不在这 我们开了另一家店Well, not here. We've opened another parlor.他大多数时间都在那儿He's there most days.哇 夫妻店啊Ah! His and hers.查理对你们之间的平等怎么看How is our Charlie handling all this... equity?我不太确定你的意思I'm not sure I know what you mean.你肯定知道Oh, I think you do.帕斯怎么样How's Paz?他对查理很好奇He's curious. About Charlie.你也是So are you.的确是的Yes, indeed.我对你和查理都很好奇I am curious about your Charlie.他和帕斯看来相处不和He and Paz didn't seem to click,老实说 他过了个很糟糕的周末and, well, frankly, he had an awful weekend.而我不喜欢有不满意的顾客And I don't like having an unsatisfied customer.-真的吗  -真的- Really? - Really.-你的店在哪里  -一个破烂的商业街上- Where's your store? - A shitty strip mall.在东区East Valley.我一直想看看东区里I have always wanted to see a shitty strip mall破烂的商业街in the East Valley.谢谢你Thank you.下次先打电话Call first.我会的Will do.1100 1200...$1,100, $1,200...1350$1,350.很好Well done.你的数学好多了 是时候扔下计算器了Your math is getting better. Time to ditch the calculator.去你爸办公室把账算完Finish up in your father's office.-我马上就好  -现在就去- I'm almost done. - Now, please.我们之前说好的事呢So, what about our other arrangement?我最近现金有点紧I've run into a bit of a cash-flow problem.我的新店需要花钱Expenses at my new shop.方索的新店Fonso's new shop.当然Of course.我们之间的秘密Our little secret.宜早不宜迟Sooner rather than later.还有别的事There's something else.方索有个请求A request from Fonso.要转达他的母亲For his mother.绝对不行Absolutely not!真的很神奇 他改变了It's remarkable. He's changed.-哦  -方索在干什么赚钱呢- Ohh! - What's Fonso doing for money?他在投资房地产和其他一些大产业He's an investor in real estate and other major concerns.我不会去求长老会I am not going to ask the Council召开决议会考虑让他回来to call a kris to consider his return.那传统怎么办What about tradition?奶奶 你说过我们只有传统Grandma, you said tradition is all we have.娜娜没有父亲也是传统吗Is it tradition that LaLa not have a father?我没有父亲也是吗That I don't?好吧Okay, okay.我在倾听呢I am listening.我在倾听呢I'm listening!有人吗Anyone?!原来你在这儿There you are.不关我事 马克思夫人None of my business, Ms. Marks.你找到了Oh, you found it.费我老劲了Yeah, it was a bitch想找个半夜三点开门的店 不过我找到了to find a place open at 3:00 in the morning, but here it is.-谢谢你 莎伦  -没事- Thank you, Sharon. - Hm.说实话 我从没想过我能和You know, I never thought I could feel like a friend你... 这样的人做朋友to somebody... of your type.来自非洲From Africa.我不是非洲的 我是美国人I'm not from Africa. I'm from America.一样 你知道我什么意思Whatever. You know what I mean.我也没想过和吉普赛人能做朋友Hmm. I never thought I could be cool with a Gypsy.哦 不 我们管自己叫罗姆人Oh, no, we call ourselves Romani.坐吧Sit down. Sit down.和我喝一杯 来吧Have a drink with me. Come on.你母亲怎么样了How's your mother?化疗太难过了Chemo is hell.不过她是个斗士But, uh, she's a fighter.-太好了  -是的- That's good to hear. - Mm-hmm.你儿子呢What about your son?马库斯 对吗Marcus, is it?在大学里是他们班级前十呢Yeah, top 10 in his class in college.你一定很为他骄傲You must be very proud of him.上帝知道我这辈子Good Lord knows that I've screwed up搞砸了很多事more than a few things in my life,但马库斯绝对不是其中之一but, uh, Marcus isn't one of them.好 敬马库斯Here. To Marcus.我也希望能以我的儿子为骄傲I wish I could be proud of my son.可方索太感情用事But Fonso is driven by emotions.就像他爸一样Just like his father was.甚至更糟Oh, worse.方索简直是个灾难Fonso's a disaster.他不是一直都这样 至少在他妻子去世前It wasn't always like this, you know, before his wife died.以前他体贴温暖At times, he was considerate and warm,可现在他太自我 又容易发火...but now he's all ego and anger and...人会变的Hm. Um, people change.有时候 人也会变回来And sometimes they can change back.是啊Yeah.变回老样子Change back to old tricks.我能信任你吗 莎伦Can I trust you, Sharon?在没有人相信我时 你相信我You put your faith in me when nobody else would.我的过去成了牢不可破的纽带And where I come from, that is an unbreakable bond.我的家族强敌环伺My family is surrounded by enemies.目前为止 我确实是快人一步So far, I was able to be a step ahead.可是却要做出一些艰难抉择But I had to make very difficult choices,一切都是为了保护我的家族all to protect my family.-你懂我的意思  -呃- You know what I mean. - Mm-hmm.我要你为我做一件危险的事I need you to do something dangerous for me.你就尽管告诉我时间地点 其余的交给我就好了You just tell me where and when, and I'll take care of it.你没回我的电话You didn't return my calls.一定是有人侵入了我的电话Someone must have hacked into my phone把所有的信息都清除了and erased all my messages.我们的老朋友帕斯怎么样了How's our old friend Paz?你没有希望他生病 对吧You haven't wished any ill on him, have you?我很不愿意把这事算到你头上I would hate for that to be on your conscience.为什么 发生了什么事Why? What's happened?帕斯为了找寻自我 迷恋上了心灵旅行Paz has gone on a spiritual walkabout to find himself.他偶尔会这样做He does this from time to time但一般不会去这么久but never normally for this long.我听上去怎么觉得你的上师是个怪人呢Sounds to me like your guru's a bit of a flake.你没有完全说错You're not entirely wrong.我不是第一个去寻找具有超凡能力的怪人I'm hardly the first person to find a charismatic flake然后将他们转变成一门有利可图的生意的人and transform them into a lucrative business.那是你在麦迪逊大街张贴虚假广告Was that before or after you were drummed out被轰走之前还是之后of Madison Avenue for false advertising?看来有人做了功课啊Someone's been doing their homework.我是在学你I took a page out of your book.我就是他妈的 "尤利西斯"My book is fucking "Ulysses."你还有很多要学的Plenty of pages to spare.从头一两天开始 我就在绞尽脑汁地想For the first day or so, I was racking my brain你和帕斯的骗局为什么会成功trying to figure out how you and Paz pull off your con.然后我发觉...And then I realized......帕斯并没有参与...Paz isn't in on it.实际上他认为自己有通灵天赋He actually believes he has a mystical gift,就是说你才是唯一的行骗高手which means the only con artist is you.我认为我们的背景调查I like to think that our background checks,窃取电话信息 这些手法你都很清楚our phone-data theft, of which you are well aware,这些资料有助于带给客户新的视界help bring our clients new insight.哦 自认为有理的罪行辩护啊Ah, the justification of misdeeds.我现在是在学你吗Am I taking a page out of your book now?你想知道我为什么要张贴虚假广告吗Do you want to know why I had to make false-advertising claims?为了安抚一个客户To appease a client.因为每个客户都想要你承诺Because every client wants you to promise that their product他们的产品会解决所有消费者的问题will solve all their consumers' problems.然而这是不可能的But it can't.一支牙膏并不能填补一个空洞的灵魂A tube of toothpaste cannot fill the hole in someone's soul.可是一位上师却可以But a guru can.一位好的上师A good one.他可以立刻解读一个房间的人One who can cold-read a room in the blink of an eye.他具有自然的亲和力Has a natural affinity with people和一定的道德灵活性and carries a certain moral flexibility不同于我自己的上师not unlike my own.哈Huh.我受宠若惊啊I'm flattered.可是不用了 谢谢But, no, thanks.去找别的傻瓜操纵吧Find some other sucker you can try to manipulate.我要找的不是傻瓜I'm not looking for a sucker.我要找的是合伙人I'm looking for a partner.我以前做过很多不靠谱的合伙I've made some dubious partnerships in my life.你有非凡的才能 哈弗福德先生You have a singular talent, Mr. Haverford.你把它浪费在这里真的太可惜了It is a shame you are going to waste it here.抱歉Sorry.我不是谁的产品I'm nobody's product.你宁愿在这个寒碜的商店里You would rather fail in this shitty mall应付那些无力支付你服务的客户with clients who cannot afford your services也不愿有伟大的建树吗than reach for the stars?我确定我不用再提醒你I'm sure I do not have to remind you帕斯灵修中心的票面价格了吧the price on a ticket to one of Paz's retreats.这是给你改变主意时用的For when you change your mind.是时候进入 "查理是怎么了"It is time for another episode的下一段了of "What's Happening With Charlie?"所以 他还失眠吗So, he's still experiencing insomnia?呃 他说没有了 可是我看到了一些迹象Well, not if you ask him. But I'm seeing all the signs.尽管我不愿意这样说 但是自从我们复合以后I mean, ever since we got back, and I hate to say it,他就有点不正常了but he is actually kind of normal.-那还挺可怕的  -是有点儿- That's terrifying. - It kind of is.听我说Here's the thing.查理总是小心谨慎地把握机会You know, Charlie always plays his cards close to the vest.呃 我们聊一下维加斯吧Hmm. A little Vegas talk.好吧 你去过吗Yeah. Ever been?没有No.真的吗Really?我一定要带你去I'll have to take you.听起来有点儿童不宜啊Doesn't sound very kid-friendly.啊Ah.我去的那个年代确实儿童不宜Back in my day, it wasn't,可他妈的现在就像在荒漠里修了一座迪士尼乐园but now it's like fucking Disneyland in the desert.我知道你之前感觉他把你拒之门外Well, I know you feel like he's shut you out in the past.问题是 他过去总会让我了解一些情况Well, the thing is, he's always given me a peek at the cards,可是现在我甚至感觉都不认识他了but now it's like I don't even know who he is.我前男友也有点儿那样Well, my ex was a bit like that.我想这就是我们分手的原因之一吧I suppose it's one of the reasons we split up.我不是暗示你们会分手... 抱歉I don't mean to imply that you're gonna - - Sorry.没事 不要紧No, no, no. Please.我们并没有分手因为I mean, the fact that we haven't split up - -我认为我们打算永远在一起I think we're in it for the long haul.那很好 这话我听着挺开心That's good. That makes me happy.你从未提过你的前任You never talk about your ex.啊 没什么可聊的Eh, not much to talk about.两个人的关系很复杂Relationships are complicated.是啊 这是句实话Yeah, no shit.-唷  -我知道- Whew! - I know.你要干什么What do you want?膝盖还好吗How's the knee?好多了 谢谢关心Better. Thanks for asking.马克思夫人让我给你捎句话Well, Mrs. Marks has a message for you.她还没有代表你和理事会谈过She hasn't talked to the Council on your behalf,但是她改变了心意but she has had a change of heart想要娜娜回到她的道场and wants LaLa to come back to her dojo作为善意的表示as a sign of good faith.什么时候When?-爸爸  -宝贝- Daddy! - Ah, baby!噢Ohh!嘿 小可爱Hey, sweetheart!欢迎回来Welcome back!德林娜Drina.我去散个步I'm going for a walk.谢谢Thanks.-嘿  -嘿- Hey. - Hey.嗨 你在你爸爸的商场闲逛还是...Hi. You just hanging out at your dad's mall, or...我算是在躲我邪恶的继母吧Um, more like hiding from my evil mother-in-law,她星期一要带我去一所新的学校报道who's making me go to a new school on Monday那里我一个人也不认识where I don't know anyone.哪所学校Oh, which school?米尔伍德Muirwood.噢 你至少认识一个人Well, at least you'll know someone.噢 操 抱歉Oh. Shit. I'm sorry.不 不 没事 没关系No, no, no, it's fine. It's fine.你在我爸爸的商场工作吗Uh, you working at my dad's mall?我在我爸爸的新店打杂Uh, I'm helping my dad with his new shop.我猜一下 你也是灵媒Let me guess. You're a psychic, too?我只是随便玩玩而已Well, I'm just goofing around.如果你喜欢 我可以为你免费算一卦I can give you a free reading, if you'd like that.太对了 你不是Goddamn right you're not.我知道你一定是疯了I know you must be out your mind!你连电话都修不好You couldn't fix a phone if your sad,还怎么指望它养活你凄惨可悲的生活pathetic life depended on it!在我叫警察之前 赶快带上你的黑屁股滚出去Now get your black ass out of here before I call the cops!疯子老杂种Crazy old bastard!嘿 你碰到它就得买下来Hey, you touch it, you bought it.一定要拿到验证码Make sure you get the security code.虽然我不是巴菲特 但是做生意还是简单啊I'm no Warren Buffet, but business looks good to me.房客付租Tenants are paying their rent.走运的话 狗杂种鲍勃·凯劲不会交And with any luck, Bob Fucking Caygeon won't.那样我们就可以合法地驱逐那个可怜的种族主义混蛋了Then we can legally evict that miserable, racist cocksucker.是啊Yeah.他是个老混蛋He's an old fuck.这是一个世代的问题It's a generational thing.那也不正确啊Don't make it right, though.不要教老狗新把戏 知道吗[因循守旧的人很难接受新事物]Can't teach an old dog new tricks, you know?他就是那个老狗And he is an old dog.对Mm-hmm.咱们庆祝庆祝It's time to celebrate.我想你是要...I thought you were laying off the, uh...我又要当爸爸了Nah. I get to be a dad again.妈妈让娜娜回来道场了Ma is letting LaLa come back to our dojo.你妈妈Your mother?老兄 她就是个披着羊皮的狼Man, she's a shark in a fancy black pantsuit.不能相信她You can't trust her.可是我的小宝贝要回来了Hey, I'm getting my littlest lady back.善缘找上我 所以我要把它传递出去Karma's working for me, so I'm paying it forward.是时候做一个更好的人了Time to be a better man.我的话过分了I overstepped.请接受我的歉意Please accept my apology.你启发了我 方索You inspire me, Fonso.祝我们的新生活 祝更好的自己To new beginnings and being better men.更好的自己Better men.我想问 "你在倾听吗"I could ask, "Are you listening?"不是更应该问"你是认真的吗"but what seems more appropriate is, "Are you serious?"通过封面来判断一本书的好坏之前 应该先读完它You should read a book before judging it by its cover.它的表面是什么And what a cover it is.你把书卖给我们的客户吗You selling them to our clients?是我的客户My clients.如果他们感兴趣的话 那么 好吧If they're interested, then, yes.利润多少How much you marking them up?赚6成 很公道A healthy 60%.这儿有一个我了解也深爱的女人There's the woman I know and love.如果你愿意我可以少卖点I could do less if you prefer.我在想只赚6成是否合理I was thinking that 60% was actually reasonable.8成怎么样How about 80%?你能不能操心自己的生意 不要管我的生意 好吗How about you run your shop, I'll run mine?抱歉I'm sorry.我没有生气 我只是...I'm not mad. I'm just...我很焦虑 查理I'm worried, Charlie.我只希望你可以和我倾诉I just wish you'd tell me what's going on.它们消失了They're gone.什么What?幻象消失了They're gone.消失了吗They're gone?是的Yeah.你的幻象吗Your vision things?好几周都没有看到过了I haven't had one in weeks.从我们回来后吗Since the retreat?呃 也许 是的Uh, maybe, I guess.见了帕斯之后吗Since Paz?呃 我也不太确定Um, I can't be that sure.过来Come here.他在哪Where is he?谁 帕斯吗Who? Paz?你知道我说的谁You know who.想亲手了结一切吗Want to do the honors?我想它希望你来做I think he'd want you to.这是马泰奥的Mateo's.真为他骄傲I'm so proud of him.老师说像娜娜这种年纪The instructor said that it's rare能拿到全部带位很少见for someone LaLa's age to skip an entire belt.她从未停止让我吃惊She never ceases to amaze.马泰奥的妈妈却不认同他Mateo's mother's uncoordinated.-你说什么  -没什么- What's that? - Nothing.我接个电话Excuse me.准备Jun-Bi.你好Hello?凯劲先生Mr. Caygeon.是的先生 我 -  - 我直接过来Yes, sir, I'll - - I'll come straight over.我来看看 是的 马上就来I'll take a look. Yep, right now.凯劲的电话信号还是那么烂Caygeon's land line's still fucked.方索Fonso.我去吧I'll get it.昨晚关于做更好的自己的谈话启发了我All that talk last night about being better men inspired me.这次换我去处理吧 把爱传出去It's my turn to mediate, pay it forward,让那什么...你知道的 传递善缘keep that... you know, that good karma going.-你确定吗  -当然- You sure? - You bet.不要担心 我能搞定Don't worry. I got this.这里以前很好 很受人尊敬的小区This used to be a nice, respectable neighborhood.但现在到处都是外来土狗Now it's filled to the rim with immigrants,同性恋啊 流浪汉homos, and deadbeats.那哑巴玩意儿是你吉普赛男朋友拿来的That dumb shit your Gypsy boyfriend sent over半点屁用都没有didn't do fuck all.你觉得自己能做什么鬼用What the hell do you think you can do?你知道吗 亚历山大·格雷厄姆·贝尔 该死的美国人You know, Alexander Graham Bell, a goddamn American,发明了电话invented the telephone.这电话他妈到底怎么搞的What the hell am I stuck with here?那个混球桑切斯还想着给我修Dirty Sanchez from TJ trying to fix mine.事实上 我儿子学校正在教As a matter of fact, my son was just learning亚历山大·格雷厄姆·贝尔about Alexander Graham Bell in school.我记得他说过贝尔是苏格兰人I think he said the man was born in Scotland之后移民到加拿大and later emigrated to Canada.至少不是瓦哈卡的[墨西哥州]Well, at least he wasn't from Oaxaca.我要回办公室拿工具箱放进这插座I have to go get my toolbox in my office to get into this jack.参加完我儿子的绶带典礼 我会回来的I'll be back after my son's belt ceremony.哦 我看见那个孩子一堆肥肉在这走来走去呢Oh, I seen that kid strutting around here.要我说 你要换根大号皮带You ask me, you're gonna have to get a bigger belt才能栓上那堆肥肉for that little gordito pork chop.给我听好了 我是东洛杉矶人 去你妈的And just for the record, I'm from East L. A., motherfucker!怎么了What's wrong?我和凯劲有点不对付Mr. Caygeon and I had a little disagreement.没事 他只是有点头痛It's okay. He's just got a bit of a headache.你打客户 他会告死我们的You assaulted a tenant! He'll sue the shit out of us.我没法忍了 他侮辱马泰奥I had no choice! He insulted Mateo!善缘没用了Karma be damned!好的 好的Okay, okay.喝点运动饮料 补充下电解质Replenish your electrolytes.我们会解决的We'll work it out.-操你妈啊  -哦 别这样- I was in the shit. - Oh, come on.老子赤手空拳干死过5个傻逼I killed five VC sons of bitches with my bare hands.如果让个外来土鳖在我自己的店里打我I'll be goddamned if I let any illegal immigrant我还他妈怎么混attack me in my own shop!准备Jun-Bi!有句话是...Now, there is a saying...不要争输赢Take no thought of who is right and who is wrong.我操Oh, fuck that!-你要做什么  -我要报警- What are you doing? - I'm calling the cops!老子的电话烂了 忘了吗My phone doesn't work, remember?!等等 有话好商量Wait. We can work this out.没得商量 滚 操你妈的No, fuck you, fucker!-别啊 给我吧  -不- Come on. Give it to me. - No!快给我Give me that.快住手Stop.他停手了He's out他不是停手He's not out.是死了He's dead.你闯祸了You fucked up.你也是So did you.现在怎么办So now what?完了 绶带典礼Fuck! The belt ceremony.操 我们孩子都在外面Shit, our kids are out there.大事不好了This is not good.妈的 被看到就完了 我们怎么办No shit this is not good. What are we gonna do?-藏起来  他在流血啊- Hide him. - He's bleeding out!没时间弄干净We're not gonna be able to clean it up in time.我有办法了I got an idea.过来Come on.韦斯利Wesley.恭喜Congratulations.马泰奥Mateo.娜娜LaLa.干得漂亮Nicely done.不错啊 考虑得很周全Not bad, all things considered.普雷斯顿Preston.调解结束So much for mediation.苏菲Sophia.天一黑 我们就去扔掉那个狗娘养的As soon as it's dark, we're gonna get rid of that fucker.特雷索尔Tresor.用我车吗My car?难道用我的My car?你车不挺好的What about your car?你的车内部空间最隐蔽Yours has the most interior space in its class.我承诺过的As promised.-这是什么  -我的每周还款- What's this? - My weekly contribution.实际上 这是上周的Actually, it's last week's.我保证这周的会很快给你I promise I'll have this week's very shortly.昨天你的女性朋友过来付清了账Your lady friend came by yesterday and paid your debt.-我的女性朋友  -那个外国人- My lady friend? - The foreigner.她说你会懂的She said you'd understand.是了 什么...Oh, right. What...做个自由人有什么感受So, how does it feel to be a free man?很棒Great.谢谢你 西姆拉Thank you, Simza.够了 别废话了Oh, please. No bullshit.回见 外族人See you around, gadje.你终于回我电话了At last you're returning my calls.看来你不止是黑了我电话啊Seems you did more to my phone than just hack into it.还装了什么软件还是自动程序呢Some kind of app or bot?没错Indeed.我正准备去你店里 找你讨论下一步I'm on my way to your store now, actually, to discuss next steps.恐怕我不会见你I'm afraid I won't be seeing you.你的慷慨解囊也改变不了什么And your grand gesture doesn't change a thing.我会还钱你的I will be paying you back.怎么 全部吗What, all of it?我知道这对你来说可不是小数目I understand that's a small fortune to you.对我来讲 只是小菜一碟...To me, it's just a drop in a bucket...我俩在一起能赚很多很多碟a bucket you and I could fill together.我跟你说过的 我不想再帮人做嫁衣了And like I told you, I'm done carrying other people's water.查理 查...Charlie. Char...能借用下这个房间吗Uh, can I have the room, please?这就是我们的调查机构 盯着你家This is the machine that's been investigating your family,兰科家族 还有其他西海岸的吉普赛犯罪家族the Rankos, and the other West Coast Roma crime families.指挥中心网络A network of command centers.一打联邦特工A dozen federal agents.这是我最喜欢的一个And here's one of my favorites now.特工西姆斯是我们的首席联调局调查员Agent Sims is our lead FBI investigator.这位是...This is...丽塔·马克思Rita Marks.我看过你的档案I've read your file.带她来这有风险Bit of a risk bringing her here.丽塔那么爱自己的孙女 为此执意要来Rita loves her granddaughters a little too much to say anything.我仍然觉得该给她戴窃听器I still think we should wire her.不 没有必要Oh, no, that wouldn't be necessary.那要看Well, your level of future cooperation未来你有多合作了will determine all that.看来丽塔终于给我们带了些有用的消息It appears Rita has finally brought us something useful.她儿子在商店街开了家灵媒中心Her son is running a psychic call center out of a strip mall.更像是给州际电信欺诈Likely a front for interstate wire fraud和信用卡偷窃打掩护and credit-card theft.我想开始监控那里I want to start surveillance.我认识这个人I know this guy.爱德华多·布斯塔曼特Eduardo Bustamante.因为某些案子 我们也在监视他We've had our eye on him for something else.他也卷进来了吗He wrapped up in this?看起来是的Seems so.如果方索·马克思和布斯塔曼特搅和在一起If Fonso Marks is working with Bustamante,那肯定是有某些大事it must be something serious.我们能利用这个We could use this.但是方索不能帮我们扳倒那些犯罪家族Except Fonso can't help us bring down the crime families.他被驱逐了He's banished.要是他没有呢What if he wasn't?力量牌代表一位充满勇气的女性The Strength card represents a woman with courage.你可以成为外交官You could be a diplomat.外交官 真的吗A diplomat? Really?下张牌Next card.女皇The Empress.你会很富有 拥有很多财富Okay, you have wealth, a lot of things in abundance.这张牌代表母性和怀孕The card represents motherhood and pregnancy.-这张牌肯定说错了  -牌不会撒谎- The cards are totally wrong. - The cards don't lie.-是你这么说的而已  -它们不会撒谎- So you say. - They don't.行吧 继续Okay. Go on.恋人The Lovers.好了 这下开始有趣了Okay. This is where it gets interesting.你是在按自己的想法解读牌You're interpreting the cards however you want.不 我... 我是有点发挥余地No, I... I have... I may have a little wiggle room,但牌的含义不会变but the cards are what they are.恋人牌代表女性的潜意识The Lovers represents the subconscious mind in a woman和男性的意识and the conscious in a man.不出所料了That's typical.跳过这张吧Let's skip this one.教皇牌The Hierophant.你是仪式 宗教和苦役的俘虏So, you are captive to ritual, religion, and servitude.这有可能是家庭境遇的写照This could be a family situation.基本上 牌... 的意思是Basically, what... what it means你有很多规矩要遵守is you have a lot of things you're supposed to obey.绝对的No shit.我可是个吉普赛家庭的小新娘I'm a teen bride in a Roma family.所以我说 牌不撒谎See, that's what I'm saying. The cards don't lie.但教皇牌有一点很有意思...Um, but what's interesting about The Hierophant is...要是你想 也可以反叛you can disobey if you want to.牌告诉你怎么做了吗Do the cards tell you how to do that?要是有就好了If only.德林娜 你怎么在这Drina. I didn't know you were here.见到你真让我惊讶I'm surprised to see you.你能过来帮我个忙吗Uh, could you help me with something?好的Okay.马上回来Be right back.她在我们家做什么What is she doing in our house?我们只是一起闲逛 妈妈 可以吗We're just hanging out, Mom. That okay?不 不行No, it's not okay.那是方索的女儿That's Fonso's daughter.她还结婚了 尼克 她嫁给了西姆拉的大儿子She's married, Nick, to Simza's oldest son,那男孩现在是兰科家的主事人who is now the head of the crime family.他们要是知道她独自来了我们家...If they knew that she was alone in this house...那又有什么问题What's the big deal?她不被允许和我们这样的外族人在一起She's not allowed to hang out with gadje like us.妈妈Mom.我们只是朋友We're just friends.你恐怕还没注意到 我本来就没几个朋友In case you haven't noticed, I don't have many.我来跟他谈I'll talk to him.最好你来 他不肯跟我说话You better. He won't talk to me.他们又不是在约会 或是谈恋爱It's not like they're dating or going steady或是其他那些孩子做的事or whatever the fuck kids do these days.他们是死党 谁知道这什么意思They're BFFs, whatever that means.我跟他谈I'll talk to him.这倒提醒了我 你为什么不接我电话Which reminds me, why didn't you talk to me?-什么  -今天- What? - Today.看到德林娜之后 我差不多给你打了六次电话I called you like six times after the Drina incident.噢 我要买个新手机Oh, I need a new phone.也许能让她帮我付了Maybe I can get her to pay for it.-玛姬吗  -对啊- Maggie? - Yeah.她想利用我的天赋吸引更多人赚更多钱She, uh, wants to take my talents to a larger audience.是吗Does she?她帮我们付清了欠白托尼的债She paid off our debt to White T.算是给我的预付款Sort of a down payment on me.算是啊Sort of.我拒绝了I said no.你应该答应的You should have said yes.我能分清 哪些事对我好I can keep what's good for me又有哪些事对你好separate from what's good for you.你有天赋 查尔斯·K·哈弗福德You have something, Charles K. Haverford.如果这是你的真名的话If that's even your name.你好啊Hello.你好Hello?有人吗Hello?有人在吗Hello?!