"迷眼" 前情提要...Previously on "Shut Eye"...這他媽的可是軍事級別This shit is military-grade.我們殺死了一個該死的軍火走私販We killed a fuckin' gunrunner.-預付50 貨到再付100  -貨到再付125- 50 down, 100 on delivery. - 125 on delivery.坐過去點Scoot over.你在給誰發短信Who are you textin'?學校裏的朋友Friend from school.小托尼還沒有到能獨當一面的年紀Li'l Tony is not yet of age to contribute to the household.你想要長老會再接納方索嗎You want the Council to restore Fonso?我們希望召開一次長老會 考慮下這個提議We want a kris to take this request into consideration.我的幻象 它們不見了My visions, they're gone!我已經有一個月沒看到幻象了I haven't had one in a month.我找到你I didn't pursue you不是因為你的幻象because you can see things.而是因為你的天賦I pursued you because you have talent.-而且我還是個詐騙犯  -你的右手邊第二排- And I'm in on the con. - Second row to your right.車禍 當時是她在開車Car accident. She was driving.她可能失去了自己的兒子She may have lost her son.你當時懷了多久How far along were you?五個月Five months.操 真牛Oh, damn!你在幹嘛What are you doing?!我想在日出前練兩拳I was just getting in a few licks before sunrise.-這是從哪兒來的  -"體育權威"買的- Where'd this come from? - Sports Authority.-我是說...  -我的新養生手段之一- I mean... - Just part of my new regimen.-為新投資嗎  -為了我的總體健康- For your new venture? - For just my general wellbeing.-好吧  -親愛的 我知道- Okay. - Honey, I know.你可能會擔心瑪姬的影響 但...You might be worried about Maggie's influence, but...我沒有 只是你看上去...I'm not. You just seem so...突然變了different all of a sudden.怎麼變了Different how?你不像你了You don't seem like you.沒準是全新的我呢Maybe it's the new me.煥然一新New and improved.沒準根本就不是你Maybe it's not you at all.人會變的 親愛的People can change, honey.你沒必要杞人憂天You don't have to be threatened by it.我沒有I'm not.我要冥想了I need to meditate.噢 對不起Oh. Sorry.又是新養生手段嗎For your new regimen?對 沒錯Yes. Yeah.廚房裏有咖啡There's coffee in the kitchen.抱歉 抱歉 我吵醒你了嗎Oh. Sorry, sorry. Did I wake you?不是 噩夢No. Bad dream.如果你需要我可以停下I can stop if you want.-隨意練吧  -好- Knock yourself out. - Okay.票 票Tickets, tickets.有人看到我的登機牌沒Has anyone seen my boarding pass?-打印機上  -不 沒在那兒- Uh, the printer. - No, it's not there.喂 快把你的早飯吃了 你要遲到了Hey. Gotta eat your breakfast. You're gonna be late.-我吃完了  -沒有吧- I'm done. - I don't think so.-吃點東西吧  -我吃完了 走吧- Eat something. - I'm done. Let's go.我得先和你爸聊點事Gotta go over some stuff with your dad first.明天三點這個 是什麼活動What is this tomorrow at 3:00?面談 探測師Uh, interview. Dowser.他用探測杖尋找水源Uses a divining rod to find water.我知道什麼是探測師 你要探測師幹什麼I know what a dowser is. Why do you need one?忘記交水費了嗎Did you forget to pay the water bill?他可能會是一筆新收入I think he might be a new source of revenue.咱家現在是旱季[經濟不太好]We're in the middle of a drought.旱災已經過了 爸Drought's over, Dad.那是假新聞的報道That's what the fake news says.-拜託  -票去哪兒了- Please. - Oh, where are these tickets?在你後褲兜裏In your back pocket?-別緊張  -我沒有- Don't be nervous. - I'm not.別跟我撒謊Don't lie to me.你一定會大獲成功的You're gonna kick it in the ass.我希望你成功I want you to.謝謝Thanks.媽Mom!-早安  -早安 我們遲到了- Morning. - Morning! We're late.-我們也是  -我的親親呢- So are we. - Hey, where's my kiss?-一路順風 親愛的  -尼克- Safe flight, honey. - Nick.-幹嘛  -聽話- What? - Be good.再見Bye.這就是純美式So, this is what an all-American,幸福家庭的樣子嗎happy family looks like?純美式 看起來幸福All-American, happy-ish.別那麼緊張Hey, don't be so nervous.沒事的It's gonna go fine.-啥  -看看你- Huh? - Look at you.你能行的You got this.你要真想擔心的話You want something to worry about,擔心咱們即將來臨的交易吧[軍火交易]worry about our upcoming transaction.-你是說...  -對- You mean...? - Yeah.我們今晚就要裝好箱We have to load up tonight.今晚Tonight?我以為這週末才會處理I thought that wasn't until the end of the week.我明天沒空I can't load up tomorrow.馬泰奧在學校要表演節目Mateo is in a school play.那好Okay.快來啊Oh, come on.靠Shit.你最好離開這兒You better get outta here.行 祝你好運All right. Hey, good luck.歡迎 大吉姆Welcome. Big Jim!抱歉 約瑟普Sorry. Josip.就這裏啊This is it.挺好的 對嗎Great, isn't it?這兒什麼都有 便利店 柔道館We got everything. Mini-mart, dojo.運動酒吧Sports bar.當鋪Pawn shop.當鋪最近暫時停業Pawn shop's closed temporarily.拉丁稅務 你能想到的...Latin Tax. Whatever you can...我聽說你有家靈媒電詢中心[電信詐騙中心]I understand you have a psychic call center.這邊請Right this way.-挺厲害的  -謝謝- That's impressive. - Thanks.抽雪茄嗎Cigar?垃圾雪茄Shitty cigar.我能指望你這種垃圾有什麼好東西What do I expect from a piece of shit like you?我... 正在改過自新Well... trying to improve myself.何必呢Why bother?你生來就是垃圾You were born a piece of a shit.你死後也是垃圾You're gonna die a piece of shit.老天 真懷念你老爸 蒂伯才清楚治家之道God, I miss your father. Tibor knew how to run a family.格調十足 他的姿態之瀟灑Did it with class. He did it with panache.你知道那是什麼意思嗎Do you even know what that is?不 不太理解No. No, not really.我能指望垃圾幹什麼好事What do I expect from a piece of shit?你覺得我有機會嗎 約瑟普You think I got a chance, Josip?長老會那邊With the Council?我他媽不知道 我他媽也不在乎I don't fuckin' know, and I don't fuckin' care.這雪茄真垃圾And it's a shitty cigar.等一下 好嗎Just one second, okay?就一會兒A few minutes.不 是別處 我知道他們很困惑No, the other location. I know they're confusing.我... 地址我給你發短信I'll... I'll... I'll text you that address.好的 行 再見Okay, yeah. Okay, bye-bye.我等了八百年了I've been waiting forever.我得把小孩送去上學I had to drop my kid off at school.查理在哪兒Well, where's Charlie?他出城了He's out of town.又怎麼了What now?你讓不讓我進去呢You gonna let me in, or what?這又是幹嘛What was that about?你不是被驅逐了嗎I thought you were banished.確實I am.暫時For now.我正努力回去呢Trying to work my way back in.那方索華多怎麼辦What about Fonsuardo?啥東西The fuck?你和愛德華多 就像布拉吉麗娜[布拉德·皮特與安吉麗娜·朱莉]You and Eduardo. You know, like Brangelina.這段特別的關係確實很讓我受益Hm. Well, that particular relationship has been fruitful,但不只是那樣but, it's more than that.我正在努力向善 希望能得到些善報I've been putting good into the world, hoping to get some back.我知道I know.聽著不像我自己Doesn't sound like me.也許是一個新的你Maybe it's the new you.新衣服 新態度New threads, new attitude.-我需要你幫個忙  -查理不在- I need a favor. - Charlie's not here.不是那種忙Not that kind of favor.能幫我看看手相嗎You mind taking a look?看我會不會成功See if this is gonna work out for me?我不需要看I don't need to look.你正在努力向善You're putting good into the world.好人會有好報的Good will come back to you.真的嗎You think?人會變的People can change.大概吧I guess so.你看 咱倆現在這關係多不一樣I mean, look how different things are between us now.如果你敞開胸懷 人與人之間的關係Things can change very quickly between people,可以變得很快if you're open to it.準備Jun-Bi.-你在學校裏見德林娜了嗎  -見到了- You see Drina at school? - Yeah.我見到她穿過食堂I saw her across the lunch room.這樣可以麼 還是我一見她就跑Is that okay or am I supposed to run when I see her?我沒這麼說I didn't say that.你在跟誰發短信Who you textin' with?就是在問數學作業I'm just gettin' the math homework.-這樣嗎  -是- Ah. - Yeah.數學作業有這麼好笑嗎Must be some pretty funny math homework.不是 這是吉米Well, no, no, no. This is just Jimmy.他很幽默He's a funny guy.我爸啥時候回來So, when does Dad come back?-看來你挺想他嗎  -好吧 如果你真想知道- You must really miss him. - Okay, if you wanna know,是因為老爸不會管我發短信的Dad doesn't bug me about my texts.他應該管 因為管你He should, 'cause bugging you就是在保護你is actually trying to protect you.好吧 原來你這麼有責任心Uh-huh. Sure. Yeah. You're the responsible one.喂 說話注意點Hey. Watch it.-嗨  -嗨- Hey. - Hey.我們原本是不是要去徒步Were we supposed to go for a hike?三天前的事兒了Yeah, three days ago.你不是有數學作業嗎Don't you have math homework?怎麼了Yeah?你還錯過了上周的徒步And you missed our hike last week, too,還有上上周的 還有...and the week before that, and...我在避開你I was avoiding you.還正納悶為啥呢Yeah, I'm wondering why.我在避免和你進行開誠佈公的交流I guess I was avoiding having an honest conversation因為with you,沒有效果which didn't work.所以我在試著往反方向走So, I'm gonna try the opposite now.好一個演繹推論Deductive reasoning.我喜歡I like it.我有個壞習慣I have this bad habit of fucking up總會把我生活中的好事情搞砸the good things in my life而你又對我這麼好 所以...and you have been good to me, so...我肯定會搞砸of course, I'm gonna try to fuck it up.我不想傷害你I don't want to hurt you.你不會的You won't.我已經試過了I've already tried.所以別再試了Yeah, so don't try again.因為 我很想你'Cause, um, I've missed you.我也很想你I missed you, too.我不想失去你I don't want to lose you.這個朋友As a friend.不會的You won't.至少接下來幾個小時不會的For the next few hours, anyway, because因為我要給你做晚飯I am gonna make you dinner.-真的嗎  -當然- Really? - Yeah.舞台左邊 第四排 紅髮男子Stage left, row 4. Ginger gentleman.是我Yeah.朋友 你叫什麼What's your name, friend?-加文  -加文 跟我聊聊這個吧- Gavin. - Gavin, tell me about this.我在工作上遇到很大壓力I guess I've had a lot of stress at work.很多人都討厭他們的工作 加文Lots of people hate their jobs, Gavin.-為什麼不辭職  -我必須得工作- Why not quit? - I have to work.沒人必須要做任何事No one has to do anything.都是個人選擇It's a choice.你選擇工作 來養活自己You choose to work to feed yourself.你選個工作來養活..You choose to work to feed...-妻子和女兒  -... 你的妻子和女兒嗎- Wife and daughter. - ...your wife and daughter?是的Yeah.我們要懂自己的選擇We have to own our choices這樣我們才能明白為什麼會這樣選擇so we can understand why we make them.說得對 我並不討厭我的工作You're right. And I don't hate my job.我是討厭我的老闆I hate my boss.老闆... 蘭德爾 等等Boss... Randall. Hold tight.收到沒Got it?也許是因為...Perhaps it's because...他讓你想起了你的父親he reminds you of your father.-是的  -嗯- Mm. - Mm.告訴我你真心想要什麼 加文Tell me what you really want, Gavin.-我想要個新工作  -你確定嗎- I-I want a new job. - Are you sure?一個新工作A new job?因為你剛說 你喜歡你的工作'Cause you just said you like your job.加文 我有個朋友講過一個故事Gavin, a friend of mine told me a story在六世紀的時候 有位修士 叫做努爾西亞的本篤[本篤會的創始人]about a 6th-century monk, Benedict of Nursia.你也知道的 修士們... 他們跪拜 祈禱And you know monks... they kneel, they pray,整天釀造啤酒and they make beer all day.這位修士This monk有一天突然決定decided one day that it was impossible for him他無法在陷落的羅馬帝國to live a virtuous life過上貞潔的生活in the fallen Roman Empire.所以他建了個修道院So, he makes a monastery自己隱居起來and he secludes himself there.聽著不錯吧Doesn't that sound awesome?就這樣離開Just walk away,到新的地方去someplace new?重新開始Start over?沒有任何負擔 沒有任何錯誤None of your baggage. None of your mistakes.很是誘惑It's tempting.想太多了No fuckin' way.你還要付房租You've got rent.還有家人要養活You've got a family.還有很多責任要承擔You've got responsibilities.你不能離開You can't leave.你必須留下You stay.你要毀掉過去You tear it down.建立一個更好的自己You build someone better.你的混蛋父親 和那個And your asshole father; and your asshole boss,讓你想起你的混蛋父親的混蛋老闆who reminds you of your asshole father?這些全是借口They're all excuses!當然 借口讓一切變得困難 還會讓你放棄自己Sure, they make it hard, but mostly they make it easier變得輕鬆for you to quit on yourself但我不會放棄你的 加文and I'm not gonna quit on you, Gavin.我不會放棄你們任何一個人I'm not gonna quit on any of you,只要你們自己努力as long as you do the work,不過 你們的努力不該由我來做but it's not my job to do the work for you.對不起Sorry.我在這裏是為了讓你們保持誠實I'm here to keep you honest.告訴我 加文You tell me, Gavin,準備好做更好的自己了嗎are you ready to build someone better?-我準備好了  -你要做- I am. - Are you gonna build更好的自己嗎someone better?-是的  -說服我- I am. - Make me belive!我要做更好的自己I'm gonna build someone better.說得要讓你自己相信Say it like you fuckin' mean it!我要做更好的自己I'm gonna build someone better!這就對了That's what I wanna hear!幹得不錯 查理Great work today, Charlie.那裏太熱了It was way too hot in there.我需要那裏溫度很低I need it to be sub-zero.我一出汗 耳機就會亂動When I sweat, the earwig moves around too much.我們已經降溫了We kept it cold.是你的星光太璀璨了It's just the bright lights of stardom.後面的派對還需要表演The afterparty is still onstage, as far as we're concerned.哎Ugh!請大家出去一下Can you give us the room?能把手機給我嗎May I have my phone back, please?你老婆給你打過電話You missed a call from your wife.她不知道你在演出嗎Doesn't she know when you're onstage?我老婆想什麼時候打電話就什麼時候打There's never a bad time for my wife to call me我得給她回過去and I need to call her back.這麼緊張啊Ooh, so tense!不過在台上看不出來But it doesn't show onstage.你今天像個搖滾明星一樣You were a fucking rock star out there today.我就知道你的氣場能填滿那個地方 就像...I knew you had the presence to fill that space, like...大衛·科波菲爾David Copperfield.我還是個小孩的時候 他就讓自由女神像消失了He made the Statue of Liberty disappear when I was a kid.你會在各種重要場合演出的 查理You're gonna play all the big spaces, Charlie.你會在麥迪遜廣場演出You are going to play Madison Square Garden.好戲上演Showtime!嗨 謝謝你的到來Hi. Thanks for coming.-噢 可以嗎  -沒事 當然可以- Oh, do you mind? - Yeah, sure.好吧All right.好吧 開始Sure. There you go.你能稍等一下嗎Can you please wait?-我是加文  -是的 我知道- It's Gavin. - Yeah, I know.-好吧  -裏面見- All right. - I'll see you in here.-好吧 太棒了  -好吧- All right, great. - All right.好吧 準備好了嗎All right, ready?-呃  -呃- Mmm! - Mm-hmm?集中注意力Concentrate.嘿Hey!不要去分析Don't analyze.不要去處理Don't process.只要接受就好了 然後...Just take in, and then...喬迪Jody.謝謝Thank you. I've been我整晚都在期待這一刻Waiting for this all night.噢 這也算薩澤拉克雞尾酒啊Oh. Ooh. You call that a Sazerac?待在這裏 不要走開 先生Stay right there. Don't move, mister.打擾一下Excuse me.噢喔 來吧Uh-oh. Here we go.是啊Yeah.一點點嗎Skosh?你一定要把這個杯子涼一下You must chill the glass.加一塊糖A cube of sugar.來兩下安哥斯杜拉必打士酒Two dashes of Angostura.來三下貝薩梅頌干紅葡萄酒Three dashes of Peychaud.一盎司健康的A healthy ounce黑麥酒of rye.少許苦艾酒Hint of absinthe.擠壓一下Press你的檸檬your lemon.準備好酒杯Prime the glass.噢 我們來調製一杯更美味的酒吧Ohh. Let's build a better drink.接下來是誰 是誰Who's next? Who's next?麻煩 偶爾會發生Trouble. It happens.是啊 你不想接到警察的電話Yeah, you don't want a call from the cops.說到這個 我覺得每一位父母I think every parent, and speaking to this,可能至少都有過一次at least once maybe,-媽媽  -如果他們也有一個兒子...- Mom. - If they have a son...好吧 給我們講一下你的故事Okay, let's hear one of your stories.那個瑪姬That Maggie,她真的不簡單she really is something.確實不簡單Something, indeed.噢 好吧Oh, oh, okay.-這個好猜嗎  -好猜- Is this a good one? - Yeah.呃 超帥 是位老牌電影明星Um, superhandsome, old movie star.快點啊 尼克 你會幫我猜嗎Come on, Nick. Will you help me with this?-我都不知道這是誰  -不 不是...- I don't know who this is. - No, not...你不知道他是誰 這是什麼意思What do you mean you don't know who this is?-蒙哥馬利·克利夫特  -猜對了- Montgomery Clift? - Yes!搞定Done.下一個你來嗎You next?借過一下Excuse me.好吧Okay.-牛仔 牛仔 西部牛仔  -是的- Cowboy. Cowboy. It's a Western. - Yes.-是啊 是一個人  -我要去衛生間- Yeah, uh, it's a person. - I have to pee.我是個孕婦 總想去衛生間 對不起啊Uh, I have a pregnant-lady bladder. Sorry.-她好酷啊  -是啊- She's cool. - She is.這很好啊This is very good.-嗨  -什麼事- Hi! - What?-查理 我可以和你聊一下嗎  -呃哼- Charlie, may I have a word? - Ahem.抱歉啊 可能要單獨和他聊一下Sorry, might take him away for a second.-查理 走吧  -好吧- Charlie, come. - Yeah.走吧Come on.嘿Hey.我們玩的好開心啊 謝謝We had so much fun. Thank you.沒什麼謝的 是我的榮幸No, it was my pleasure.晚安Good night.剛剛玩的好開心啊 好開心啊That was fun. That was fun!我好高興I'm glad.-噢  -看到你開心太好了- Ohhh! - It is good to see you having fun.見到你真好 瑪姬It's good seeing you, Maggie.-晚安 查理  -晚安- Good night, Charlie. - Good night.晚安Good night.管他媽的Aw, fuck it.這是接收器...The receiver......這是麥克風...and the microphone.它是聲控的It's voice-activated,所以你出去拋頭露面時so all you need to do is talk into it只要對著它講話就好了right before you go out and mingle.我佩服你的機靈勁兒I admire your ingenuity, but I don't think可我覺得約瑟普不會在長老會上認罪that Josip will sit down at the kris and confess to a crime.我們也認為不會We don't, either.噢 你是在害怕Oh! You are afraid我會告訴長老會我受監控了I'll tell the Council I'm under surveillance.他說你很精明He said you were a sharp one.我為什麼要現在背叛你Why would I betray you now?我怎麼知道你自始自終都沒有背叛我們呢How do I know you haven't been betraying us all along?你這個職業罪犯You're a career criminal who wants me突然想讓我相信你是個天真的女童軍to suddenly trust her like she's a Girl Scout.不管她是什麼人Whatever she is, she's smart enough她都很聰明和我們坦誠相見to play it straight with us.一個他媽的大騙子One fucking con artist who's willing to lie很樂意在另一堆大騙子面前撒謊to a bunch of other fucking con artists.你在我這裏 就好了這麼一點點You're about that much better in my book.你是女童軍嗎 西姆斯特工Were you a Girl Scout, Agent Sims?我的追隨者比隊伍裏其他任何女生都多I sold more Tagalongs than any girls in my troop.你知道這也是金字塔騙局嗎Well, do you realize it is the same kind of pyramid scheme?-好吧 啊  -不 不 那不是...- Okay, eh, eh, - No, no, no, no. There's no...我們還是關注回這裏吧 聽著...let's refocus here. Look...我是支持你的 但是I'm rooting for you, but,不要搞混淆了我的立場don't be confused about which side I'm on.好吧 如果你說教完了Okay, if you're done with your lecture, I'll go home我就回家去幫西姆拉準備了and help Simza get prepared.你不會希望我消失太久的You wouldn't want me missing too long.嘿Hey.他認為你很聰明He thinks you're smart enough不會忘記使用珠寶not to forget the jewelry,或破壞它or to tamper with it,或發現你自己不在家 把它弄丟or find yourself not at home and miss it altogether.'因為你會知道 你會發現的''Cause you'll know; you'll find out.我明白I understand.我會很小心保管我的...I'll be very careful with my...定制珠寶bespoke jewelry.總之 要小心And be careful in general.這些人都是殺手 你瞭解的These people are killers, you know.我當然知道Of course, I know.我也是其中之一I'm one of them.歡迎Welcome.請別客氣Please make yourself at home.喝一杯吧Have a drink.或者三杯Or three.-西姆拉  - 歡迎 約瑟普- Simza. - Welcome, Josip.-一直都這麼漂亮  -啊- Lovely as ever. - Ah.我猜這所房子的一家之主出現時我們就開始嗎I suppose we'll begin when the head of the house appears?當然 他馬上就下來Of course. He's coming right down.混蛋Piece of shit.你老公他媽的去哪裏了Where the hell's your husband?情緒搖滾之王嗎The Emo King?不知道他在瞎搞什麼呢He's bummed about something.他在泳池邊撅著嘴呢He's pouting by the pool.-好吧 你繼續歡迎他們  -嗯- Okay, you keep welcoming them. - Mm-hmm.你好Hi.托尼Tony.托尼Tony!-怎麼了  -"怎麼了"- What? - "What?"你在讓我難堪 好嗎You're embarrassing me, okay?不只是我 而是整個家族And not just me, the whole family.我只是不懂意義何在I just don't see the point.接納方索回來的意義嗎In bringing Fonso back into the family?我才不在乎他I don't care about him.那你他媽的到底不明白什麼Then what's the fuckin' point you don't see?我本該是一家之主I'm supposed to be the head of the family,可我他媽的連算術都做不好and I can't even do fucking math!我會幫你的 寶貝 永遠都會I will help you, sweetie. I always do.我老婆的事你能幫我嗎Can you help me with my wife?因為她不愛我Because she doesn't love me.你知道嗎 我覺得我也不愛她And you know what? I don't think I love her.可是我們結婚了 我有妻子和工作But we're married and I've got a wife and a job我餘生的每一件事情都被安排好了and everything else all set out for me for the rest of my life.我他媽覺得無聊透了I fucking suck at it all.一切都會好起來的It's gonna be okay.是嗎 怎樣好起來Yeah? How?一切都會好起來的It's gonna be okay.測試Testing?測試Testing?呃 這是Uh, this is, uh,一位大騙子向某個特別的女童軍a con artist with a message for發送的消息a certain special Girl Scout.去你媽的Go fuck yourself!進來Yes?奶奶 大家都到了Grandma? Everyone's here.噢 你看起來真美Oh. You look so beautiful.-你也是  -噢- You, too. - Aw.-我喜歡你的項鏈  -喔- I like your necklace. - Oh.喔 這老玩意兒Oh, this old thing?奶奶Grandma.-謝謝你做的一切  -哦 不要急著謝我- Thanks for doing this. - Oh, don't thank me yet.首先 我們得讓長老會相信First, we have to convince the Council你爸爸已經變了that your father has changed.希望他是真的變了And, hopefully, he has.走吧Let's go.是啊Yes.這個家的一家之主在哪兒Where's the head of the family?你看著的人正是You're lookin' at her.我指的是安東尼·蘭科家的公子I meant Anthony Ranko II.小托尼在他房間Li'l Tony is in his room.和其他小孩子一樣Like the other little children.那才是他該待的地方That's where he belongs.我在這裏和你們一起 這才是我的歸屬And I am here with you, where I belong.-西姆拉... -你讓我- Simza... - You're gonna let me把話說完have my say.現在 我曾經無數次站在長老會會議的後面Now, I have sat in the back of a million of these,緊緊閉著我的嘴keeping my mouth shut,因為我覺得這不是我的位置because I didn't think it was my place.現在Well,這是我的位置了this is my place now而且我已經受夠了做老大的女人and I am fuckin' done being the boss' wife,做老大的老媽the boss' mother.我他媽才是老大I am the fuckin' boss我在這裏告訴你們這些混蛋 事情該怎麼做and I am here to tell you fucks what's what!現在...Now...我需要一個可靠的能賺錢的人來讓我的公司重回正軌I need a solid earner to get my corporation back on track我的房子裏有一堆孩子 他們需要一位父親and I have a house full of kids who need a father.現在外面就有一個人There is someone just outside能同時滿足這兩個要求who fits both fuckin' bills.現在不管你們對於他還想說什麼...Now, whatever else you want to say about him...相信我 我可以說更多...and trust me, I could say plenty...他已經處理好了那些爛事he has got his shit together now而且他深愛自己的孩子and he loves his kids.這樣做很違反常規啊Well this is pretty unusual.去你媽的 吉姆Fuckin' A, Big Jim.去拿冰球Go for the hockey puck.舞台右側 前排第五座Stage right, front row. Seat 5.這東西有些故事This has some stories to it.被擊來擊去很多次Been bounced around a lot.不能安分地待著Can't seem to sit still.不 這是真的No, really,這就是我現在的感受that's what I'm feeling.駐足不前Cold feet.你叫什麼名字What's your name?伊麗莎白·麗斯Elizabeth. Liz.告訴我你在想什麼 麗斯Tell me what's on your mind, Liz.我戀愛了I'm in love.但我覺得你並不開心I'm feeling you're not happy about that.這個冰球的意義是什麼What's the significance of the hockey puck?嗯 我們... 我和我未婚夫在看鯊魚隊比賽Um, we were... My fiance and I were at a Sharks game.它被撞偏到了看台上It got deflected into the stands.他像貓一樣快速地抓住了它 是嗎And he caught it with his catlike reflexes?他貓低了 是我抓到了He ducked, and I caught it.哦 不 我覺得很糟糕Oh, no, I feel so bad.他是這世上最溫柔 最好的男人He's the sweetest, nicest guy in the world.但不是個冰球手But not a hockey player.不是冰球手Not a hockey player.她三歲時候父母離異Parents split when she was three.她媽媽再嫁了個年輕男子 之後就搬走了Mum remarried a younger man. They moved away.你在害怕什麼 麗斯What are you afraid of, Liz?你說對了You were right.我是戀愛了 但是...I am in love, but...不是和他not with him.我很害怕我可能再也感受不到真愛...I was afraid that I would never feel real love...但是我現在感受到了but now I am我害怕傷了他and I'm afraid of hurting him.世上最溫柔 最好的男人The sweetest, nicest guy in the world.你就是在傷害他 因為你對他不坦誠You are hurting him, by not being honest with him.如果你已經傷了他And, if you're already hurting him,那你傷害自己又有什麼意義呢what's the sense in hurting yourself, too?但是你還沒有回答我的問題But you haven't answered my question.你在害怕什麼What are you afraid of?害怕得到像你媽媽那樣的下場嗎That you'll end up being just like your mom?她拋棄了你父親 對吧She left your dad, didn't she?-是  -你爸爸也是- Yeah. - And he was also世上最溫柔 最好的男人the sweetest, nicest guy in the world,你不想像你媽媽一樣and you don't want to be just like her.你不是她You're not her.我知道這一點 因為你在這裏I know that because you're here.你想成為更好的自己You're trying to build someone better.但是變成更好的自己 你必須非常誠實But to do that, you have to be brutally honest.不要害怕自己看起來很自私Don't be afraid of looking selfish.我們都自私 生性如此We're all selfish. It's human nature.這並不壞It's not bad.不 不 不 不是這個No, no, no. Th-That's not it.你...What...?你真正害怕的是什麼 麗斯What are you truly afraid of, Liz?既然我感受到真愛了Now that I feel it, true love,如果我抓不住怎麼辦what if I can't have it?如果現在我知道自己正在失去什麼What if, now I know what I'm missing知道自己只能孤獨地活著 會怎麼樣and I have to live without it?你還好嗎 我還沒有查到更多信息Are you okay? I haven't got any more.你會找到自己生命中的真愛的 麗斯You're gonna find true love in your life, Liz.你會比你想像中更能控制它You're more in control of it than you think.你需要解脫出來 為自己爭取真愛You need to go out and get it for yourself.我們繼續Let's keep going.給我信息時候要更快一點You have to be quicker on the draw.戴著這些耳機 我差點走錯I was halfway across the wrong side of the room走到房間的另一邊with those earmuffs.還有 拜託 不要和我閒聊And, please, do not chat with me.好的 老大Yes, sir.你的電話 老大And your phone, sir.你老婆又給你打電話了Your wife called again.我要睡覺了 我精疲力盡了I'm gonna hit the hay. I am exhausted,站一天累死了being on my feet.我以前都是坐著工作的I'm used to doing this sitting down.你還以為你以前是個魔術師呢I thought you were a magician.那是我12歲的事了When I was 12.去休息吧Get some rest.諾婭Nora.抱歉啊Hey, I'm so sorry.沒事的It's okay.琳達 我覺得有什麼錯了Linda, I think that something's wrong.-怎麼了  -我不知道- What is it? - I don't know.-呃 但是很痛  -你打電話給醫生了嗎- Uh, but it hurts. - Did you call your doctor?打了 你現在能過來嗎Unh-unh. Can you just come here?打電話給醫生 我馬上來Call your doctor. I'll be right there.我要出去一趟I gotta run out.為什麼 怎麼了Why? What is it?我朋友生病了I got a sick friend.如果你找不到我 可以打給維姬You can call Vicki if you can't get me.我一個人沒問題 我爸經常留我一個人在家I can be alone. Dad leaves me alone all the time.不要這樣說你爸的壞話了You should probably stop ratting out your father.手機記得充電 好嗎Keep your phone charged, okay?諾婭 是我Nora, it's me.門開著的It's open.噢 我好多了Oh. I'm okay.-好多了嗎  -是的- You're okay? - Yeah.-來這裏  -嗯 我...- Here. - Um, I, um...我打電話給婦產科醫生了I spoke to my OB and she said她說我可以明早再過去檢查that I can just come by in the morning.-她說是什麼問題了嗎  -沒有 她只是說- Did she say what it was? - No, just that she wasn't不用很擔心 因為已經不痛了too concerned because it went away,說我可以等到明天早上and that I could wait 'til the morning.對不起 我很抱歉讓你過來I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry to drag you out of bed like this.沒關係It's okay.今晚能留在這嗎Would you stay the night?噢 我-我-我不知道Oh, I-I-I don't know.求你了Please?我不想孤單一個人I don't want to be alone.我留下來Of course.我不會走的Of course I will.我睡沙發就行了I can just sleep right there, on the couch.哦 我的...不要犯傻Oh, my... Don't be silly.別這樣 我會管好我手的Come on, I can keep my hands to myself.我相信你也可以I'm sure you can, too.嗨 查理Hi, Charlie.你是... 麗斯 對嗎You're... Liz, right?你還記得You remembered.你怎麼進來的How'd you get in here?我賄賂了服務生I bribed the maid.別生她氣 我很擅長說服人的Don't be mad at her, though. I was very persuasive.呃 你先穿上衣服Uh, you need to put your clothes back on, and, uh,或許我們可以聊會天we can have a little talk maybe.你不是說別因自私而羞愧嗎Didn't you say that there's no shame in being selfish?自私是人類天性It's human nature?我對自己的慾望很誠實So, I'm being honest about what I want.查理And, Charlie,就是你啊it's you.我感受到的真愛 就是你啊You're the real love that I feel.好了 麗斯 我不想傷害你Okay, Liz, I don't want to hurt you.不要用美好的時光來威脅我Don't threaten me with a good time.好吧 有些界限你不該越過Okay, there are lines you don't cross,你現在就在逾越很多界限and you're crossing several of them right now.-再多一條又如何  -好了 麗斯...- Then what's one more? - Okay, Liz...麗斯 好了Liz. Okay.麗斯Liz.好了Okay. Unh.夠了That is enough.你竟然讓她上你You let her get on top of you?見鬼了 你竟然讓她進房間Hell, you let her in the room.她收買了服務生進來的She bribed her way in!那又如何 你為什麼不在看見她的時候就離開So? Did you leave when you first saw her?沒有 你還參與了進去No, you engaged.他想幫我He tried to help me.他想拯救我He was trying to save me.這房間裏有兩個該死的瘋女人There are two fuckin' crazy women in this room.謝謝你 麗斯Thank you, Liz.可以了That'll be all.很開心和你一起工作 查理Pleasure working with you, Charlie.你他媽在跟我開玩笑嗎Are you fucking kidding me?這是某種病態的教訓嗎Is this some kind of sick lesson?!這是非常逼真又必要的教訓It was a vivid and essential lesson.這種錯誤只要犯一次 就能毀了你整個職業生涯One mistake like that will cost you your career.查理 每次靜修Charlie, women throw themselves都有女人對帕茲投懷送抱at Paz at every retreat,但他堅信自己是個正派人but he believes he is a righteous man.而你呢 你知道自己是個罪人You, you know you're a sinner.你他媽就是個控制狂You are a fuckin' control freak.-你需要變得無可指摘  -我不是你的所有物- You need to be beyond reproach! - You don't own me.有一點不當行為的苗頭 你都該掐掉You need to avoid even the appearance of impropriety!我不屬於你I don't belong to you!我是你的合夥人I am your partner.而我們中只有一個人知道And only one of us knows how to manage怎麼經營這份事業this kind of career.想猜猜是誰嗎Care to guess which one?我希望你出去I want you outta here.我希望你滾出我的生活I want you out of my life!謝謝你留下Thanks for staying.我當然會了Of course.你生我氣是應該的You're right to be angry with me.晚安Good night.晚安Good night.我不想吵醒你的 但我得回去看看尼克了I didn't want to wake you, but, I have to get back to Nick.當然 當然了 謝謝你留下Of course. Of course. Thank you for staying.我真得很感謝I really appreciate it.能有你依靠 這對我意義重大It means so much to me that I can count on you.你知道嗎 你真是個好朋友You know, you're such a good friend.我只是回報你的好Just returning the favor.-晚點再打給你  -必須打哦- I'll call you later. - You better.他們說的是中午 對吧I mean, they said noon, right?是啊 中午Yeah, noon.-可他們遲到了  -沒錯 他們遲到了- I mean, they're late! - Yeah, they're late.這他媽怎麼回事What the fuck is that?我的槍My gun.我們說好不帶槍的We agreed no guns.是你同意不帶槍You agreed no guns.布斯塔曼特媽媽可教不出這種傻兒子Mama Bustamante didn't raise an ese dumb enough赤手空拳來這種場合to come to a meet like this unarmed.我們說好不帶槍的We agreed no guns.這些都是規矩Those were the parameters.你不會以為科爾德羅真不帶槍吧You don't think Cordero's gonna be packing?他是來買槍的He's buying guns!為什麼還要帶槍Why would he have guns?!他跟我們一樣 是個商人 好嗎He's a businessman, like us, okay?我們訂了約 就嚴格按約執行啊We made a deal. Let's stick to it.好吧 合夥人All right, partner.我把槍放到副駕櫃子裏去I'll put it in the glove compartment.準備Jun-Bi.搞什麼What the fuck?你覺得是他們嗎You think that's them?或者是某種狗屎戶外教學課嗎Or some kind of fucked-up field trip.抱歉Sorry.我們的錢他媽在哪Where's our fuckin' money?你他媽在幹什麼The fuck are you doing?環保點 免得弄髒地 小狗崽們Tryin' to go green, motherfuckers.就像我孩子說的It's like my kids say:"降解 回收 再利用""Reduce, reuse, and recycle."給我跪下Get on your fucking knees.去死吧Go fuck yourself.你不會這麼幹的You won't fuckin' do this.是啊 我不會No, I won't.但後面拿槍那哥們會這麼干But the homie with the shotgun will.除非你們說實話Unless I get some truth.凱勁到底他媽在哪Now, where the fuck is Caygeon?我告訴過你 他走了I told you, he's gone.你們他媽是誰Who the fuck are you?他的供應商嗎His supplier?你之前是這麼告訴我的'Cause that's what you told me, that I wasn't gonna be我可不跟中間商打交道 只跟...dealing with any middlemen. Just...有大肚子在身體中間的老闆打交道[此處用middlemen調侃方索]soft-around-the-middle men.天靈靈Yoi Devla,地靈靈del prikaza Cordero,咒你全家下地獄benga rakle.什麼鬼話What the fuck was that?你完蛋了You're fucked.這是個詛咒It was a curse.吉普賽詛咒A Gypsy curse.詛咒你On you,和你的孩子on your children,還有你孩子的孩子and on your children's children.看看你的吉普賽詛咒能不能擋住這顆子彈A ver si tu maldicion para esta bala, gitano.來啊 動手吧Sure. Go ahead.殺了我們啊Kill us now.以後永無安眠之夜Never enjoy another good night's sleep直到臨終時刻 或者也可以...until it's your fuckin' last, or...按計劃和我們做完生意we go ahead with the deal as planned,原諒所有不愉快and all is forgiven.原諒嗎Forgiven?你他媽算老幾Who the fuck are you, hm?想知道我是誰嗎You wanna know who I am?我是羅姆人 狗娘養的I'm Roma, motherfucker.吉普賽人方索·馬克思Fonso Marks of the Gypsies.你惹上了吉普賽人And you fuck with Gypsies...吉普賽人會幹死你Gypsies fuck you.追你到死Forever.好吧All right.我問了問題 得到了答案I asked a question. I got an answer.沒傷和氣 對吧No hard feelings, right?把錢拿過來Agarra el dinero.在這停就行Here is fine.你的房子還在前面Your house is a ways up the road.我說了 這裏停就行Like I said, here is fine.我們真要像兩個小年輕一樣吵架嗎Are we really gonna act out some teenage farce?也許這是成年人之間的鬧劇Maybe it's an adult farce.是你自己充滿內疚 心裏亂糟糟的You are a guilt-ridden mess and you are dismantling還毀了我好不容易塑造的更好的你the better you I've been building!昨晚難道是又一次磨合嗎Was last night a tuneup for the machine?你我之間Yours and mine.我不想傷害我妻子I don't want to hurt my wife.傷害她的唯一方式就是你我中的任何一個人The only way either of us can hurt her now告訴她真相is by telling her the truth.週三見I'll see you Wednesday.我希望你努力...I'd like you to work on...多談談自己的事talking about yourself more.這樣有利於建立信任It helps to build trust.可我對你就一無所知I don't know anything about you.我的例子就很切題My case in point.