TLF字幕组翻译＆校对｜hero5912字幕转制｜天外生物感谢原字幕制作者爱情好比束缚的链子And love slipped the bonds of restraint.他的触及好似巨大的“肯定”His touch was like a cosmic "yes."凯莉尖叫着“妈的，你他妈的死去地狱吧”"Fuck you, " screamed Kelly. "Fuck you to hell."斯科特从门里退去，嘴里还唠唠叨叨着“他妈的”Scott stepped back from the cell door as the gob of spit flew. "Fuck you."这种模式是哈迪意味的“现代缺陷”This matrix is what Hardy meant by "the ache of modernism."废话Crap.英迟康博深知可怕的弱肉强食的尘世Inchcombe knew too well the dreadful mundanity of murder.而帕特尔就曾蒙世之沉But Patel was stricken.英迟康博意识到感觉的缺失Inchcombe realized his lack of feeling was almost...成了病态Pathological.凯迪也说“我一生好似穿错尺码”"'I've been wearing the wrong size all my life,' says Katie.总是不舒服，原来我是三十码的'I was always popping out. Turns out I'm a 30 GG,' she says.现在终于合适了'Now my bras finally fit.尽管西蒙除了我谁也不喜欢Though Simon prefers me without one."'如果你想，我们可以去矿上We can go round mine, if you like.去看你爸爸躺在沙发上？And watch your dad farting into a sofa?出租车？A taxi?尤都村？In Ewedown?- 来  - 我们现在去哪？- Come on.  - Where are we going?不去哪里Nowhere.- 格伦，尝尝吗？ - 哇，谢谢你了- Glen, can I tempt you?  - Oh, wow, thank you.我每天这个时候，都常常把这些甜点给尼古拉斯Uh, I often take something snack y to Nicholas this time of day.- 我知道用脑需要营养  - 嗯- I know how the brain needs feeding.  - Mm.你觉得怎么样？So how you settling in?很好吃Great.我过去在新作家休息寓所，不太爱和外界打交道，你知道吗？The last writers' retreat I was at, I kind of froze my balls off, you know?有扇防盗门，一碗咖喱酱汁饭Screeching fire doors and curried lasagna,一段乐道的诗文，我就很知足了and a needy poet, from whom I still bear the scars.那我们就保持这样的平静，离那些喧嚣的人远点Well, we try to keep it peaceful here. Far from the madding crowd.- 我能再来一个吗？ - 当然- May I?  - Oh.真是一种享受Well, it's paradise.在尤都村？你在那里干什么？In Ewedown? What are you doing there?我原来没有告诉过她I haven't told her yet.为什么不告诉？你总说愿意陪我的Why not? You keep saying you want to be with me.我可没那么说过，那是二十五年前结婚时才说的Well, I can't tell her just like that. It's 25 years. A marriage.哦，尼古拉斯，快点过来Ah. Come on, Nicholas.或者我打车过来找你Or I'm gonna get in a taxi and find your farm.- 别啊  - 我过去你该不会赶我走吧- No.  - Come up there and I'll drag you out.那倒不会No, don't.我想和你在一起，原以为你会开心的I wanted to be with you. I thought you'd be pleased.我当然很开心Well, of course I'm pleased.纳迪亚，去酒馆那等等，一会我就回去了Nadia, go to the pub and stay there. I'll come when I can.你要和她去谈谈吗？Are you going to tell her?就两三个小时Just give me a couple of hours.鸡肉馅饼Cock pie.- 工作的如何？ - 还不错，一切顺利- How's the worker?  - Good, actually.刚还想着手辩学Just about to embark on forensics.给你看看我刚开始的稿子Well, give me your pages and I'll get started.原以为今早稿子不会出来这么多Reckon I might pack it in a bit early today.需要顾虑的很多Need to think about my blood smears.或许开车，随便的饮品Might take a drive, have a pint.都勾起了我的陈年往事Stir the old grey matter up.你刚刚和谁说话呢？Who were you talking to just then?茱蒂，她说这《黑斑羚》合同应该在一两天前就完成Judy. She said the Impala contract should be through in a day or two.我能和你一起去I could come with you.- 什么？ - 一起开车去- What?  - For a drive.我不记得上次我们何时离开的I don't know when we last went out.这饼真是绝对的美味Mm. This is absolutely yummy.或者我们去哈蒂森，一起吃一顿Or we could go into Hadditon, get a meal.好啊Yes.但是客人呢？But what about the guests?玛丽原来还不是得到了凯西的帮助Mary's got Casey to help.但我…我假设也这么考虑，你知道…But I... I'm supposed to be thinking, you know, about...你要写好稿子还是问问我吧，我很擅长辩学You can run it by me. I'm good at forensics.安迪，不过来尝尝我的手艺？Andy, can I tempt you?我们已经请来了一个学术专家，叫格伦的美国人Oh, uh, we've got a new academic. Glen, American.他一直在托马斯·哈代那里工作Turns out he's working on Thomas Hardy.可能要讲授一些农场问题Said he might have some farming questions.- 他是需要一个技术熟练的庄稼汉吗？ - 你觉得呢？- Needs an expert yokel, does he?  - Would you mind?这…作家们晚上都在户外共进晚宴Oh, and the... The writers are eating alfresco tonight.你能检查一下那里的凳子上有没有鸟屎吗？不好意思Could you check there's no bird shit on the seats? Sorry.你还好吗？You okay?还好啊Yes.今晚尼古拉斯和我一同赴宴Nicholas and I are going out to dinner.扔Now.真他妈好玩Fucking bingo.真是个垃圾场What a dump.- 到了  - 我们在这里坐坐吧- Yeah.  - We could walk up the garage.我原以为在斯通菲尔德农场能帮上我妈妈呢Oh. I'm supposed to be helping my mom up at Stonefield.- 他们总让你忙这忙那  - 就是- They keep you busy.  - Yeah.你从来就没有休息过You never stop, you.我敢打赌那些作家都道貌岸然Bet them writers are wankers.过去称为“从炉灶边到荒野上”It was called From Hearth to Heath:“维多利亚时代的诗歌，世界末日和启示录”The Doomsday and Revelation in Victorian Verse.它是关于什么的？What was it about?你应该知道，无力的诗人喝着鸦片酒，数个黑暗中的塔和不见天日的海水Well, you know, pale poets on laudanum and dark towers and sunless seas.茶杯里泛起了一点点涟漪A little Sturm und Drang in a teacup.原来能买到这本书吗？Did it sell?我的这类书不是买的，这也是我为什么没有写的原因，所以买不着Well, of course, my kind of books aren't about sales, that's not why I write. So, no.你下一步工作是什么？So, what are you working on next?托马斯·哈代Thomas Hardy.那里没有留下任何让人感伤的字眼？Is there anything left to say about that maudlin bore?不好意思，除了认为哈代是一个呆滞，而别的什么都没有的人，这本身就是一个错误的观点Excuse me, but there's nothing dull about Hardy. That is a misconception.至少你已经出版了，我有点嫉妒的激动At least you've been published. I'm seething with envy.- 我很希望作品能被出版  - 自己的作品在网上出版- I'd love to be published.  - I publish myself on the Internet.- 哦，那个上面能赚到钱吗？ - 不能- Oh, do you earn money doing that?  - No.- 你写的什么？ - 女同性恋的犯罪- What do you write?  - Lesbian crime.我能在雇主这里拿到一些小费I'm here picking up tips from the master.- 贝丝？ - 怎么了？- Beth?  - Yeah?我为什么没有弹出我自己的？Why don't I just pop out on my own?我都准备好了，走吧Well, I'm ready now. Come on.是哪个？Is that..?我的意思是你怎么穿成这样？I mean, are you wearing that?噢Oh.看起来有点热It just looks a bit hot.你知道周五在哈蒂森那里总是挤满了喝多的伦敦人You know, Hadditon's always packed with pissed Londonites on a Friday.我想我们去根本就没位置了I doubt we get a table anyway.下周要是有合适的时间，我们再约吧Let's do it properly next week. Make an occasion.我总是想照顾你，你知道，我也蛮坏的I'm always taking you for granted. I'm vile, I know.你应该踢我两脚You should kick me, really.你约了谁？Who is she?什么？What?别闹了，贝丝Oh, come on, Beth.到底是谁Tell me who.听着，谁也没约Look, it's nothing.一两次都太多了，恰恰…It's been once or twice, that's all. It's just...- 贝丝，真的谁也没约  - 她是谁？- Beth, it's not anything.  - Who is she?他走在路上，新娘和新郎正在…So she's on her way in, the bride and groom are...- 就是四频道的一个研究院  - 她叫什么？- Just a researcher on Radio 4.  - What's her name?- 纳迪亚，纳迪亚·派特  - 纳迪亚？就是写进你书里的那个- Nadia. Nadia Patel. Patel?  - She's in your book.不，不是的，我遇见她是我在听《荒岛磁盘》的时候No. No. I met her when I was on Desert Is land Discs.- 所以你把她写进你的书里  - 不是，就是个名字而已- You put her in your book.  - Well, just the name.- 《荒岛磁盘》是一年前的了  - 是- Desert Is land Discs was a year ago.  - Yes...那你还说“一两次”？So "once or twice"?- 我原来告诉过你  - 啊，啊！- I was going to tell you.  - Ha-ha!- 书里，从那些女性  - 嘘，嘘！- In the book, from your woman.  - Shh! Shh!给你说他们正在下面…saying that they're coming to the par...- 我已经受够了  - 贝丝，别这样- I've had enough of this.  - Beth. I'm a ruin, I know.我是认真的But I've been in a real state about this.- 我不想伤害你  - 哦！- I... I didn't want to hurt you.  - Oh!你怎么能这么欺骗我呢？How could you lie to my face?你能平静点吗？人们都在户外吃饭Can we talk calmly? There are people out there.你看着我，你骗我You looked me in the face and lied.为了上帝的利益我们聚集了一些小说家For God's sake, we're surrounded by novelists.- 你个王八蛋  - 贝丝- You bastard.  - Beth,- 我现在都不知道东南西北了  - 哦，你怎么可能- we're like a pair of compasses.  - Oh, don't you dare.开始写的那么铿锵有力joined solidly at the top,要是用了这个结局会使得结尾更加自由but with the ends able to roam in freedom.是她的短信吧，你一直在这里等，对吗？That's her, isn't it? Are you keeping her waiting?我们正在讨论关于创新思想We've talked a lot about the creative mind,我们觉得文章需要把确定的自由拓展开and we agreed it needs a certain freedom to explore.拓展你的自由区，我不想再在这里待下去了Take your freedom. I can't live like this any more.- 对我毫无价值  - 冷静点- It makes me feel worthless.  - Calm yourself down.去和你的派特过吧，看看她能不能让你的书畅销Go set up home with Patel. See if she does your tax returns.你不是爱她吗？她不是年轻嘛？Do you love her? Is she young?- 为了天堂的利益  - 为了她吧？- For heaven's sake...  - Is she?!够了！Yes!你要是今晚离开这去陪她，以后就不用回来了If you leave here tonight to be with her, don't come back.贝丝别这样对我们Beth, you're making fools of us both.骗子！Liar!天啊Fuck.我还不知道他们原来是这样的I didn't know they provided material too.你们知道，贝丝为他做了那么多，整理他的稿件Beth does everything for him, you know. Types his manuscript,联系中介，又有十足的女人味deals with his agent, makes his female characters convincing.她甚至还用过英迟康博先生的名字She even came up with the name Dr. Inchcombe.难怪他那么生气No wonder he's bored.我倒希望她打发这男的去做个他妈的清洁工I hope she takes him to the fucking cleaners.在最后的日子里，这也是我为什么一个人那么快乐At the end of the day, this is why I'm glad I'm single.她是否愿意让他回来？这可是个问题Will she take him back though? That's the question.- 你怎么想？ - 其实我也不知道- Would you?  - Well, I'd be torn.他不了解他自己，那他的农场怎么样？He's far too up himself. Yeah, but what about their farm?要是事情不是这样？一定值得称道Splitting up all this? Must be worth a fortune.纳迪亚·派特Nadia Patel.“羚羊小眼，秘密约会”"Gazelle eyes. " "Tantric sex."她太轻率了，把他赶走了She's very rash, making him choose.他为什么选择我？Why would he choose me?- 我原以为你不来了  - 我太忙了，还和老婆吵架了- I thought you weren't going to come.  - I was busy. Rowing with my wife.- 现在去哪里？ - 回家- Where are we going?  - Home.去你们农场？To your farm?我们可以去我们原先去过的地方We could have gone on just as we were.好的，你可说过你想和我在一起的Yes, but you said you wanted to be with me.对啊，那就去伦敦Yes. In London.现在就走Now and then.来一大瓶里奥哈葡萄酒，再预定个房间Big glass of Rioja, please. And I need a room.好的，定几晚上？Sure. How many nights?不知道，先一晚上，行吗？Don't know. Just one?- 你在这是要定那些作家公寓？ - 不，我本身就是作家- Are you here for the writers' retreat?  - No, but I'm a writer.是一个记者Well, journalist.我不想抬杠，只是随便问问I don't mean to pry. I'm just really nosey.我就在这里生活，有几分地I'm from here. Sort of.真是一个好地方，我很喜欢Well, it's a nice place. I love it.我原来想离开的，可是却没能走成I keep meaning to leave, but... Hard to get away.我妈妈的房子就在这路上段My mom's house is just up the road.- 那你没和她住在一起？ - 她…她已经死了- You're not staying with her?  - She's... She died.我妈妈也过世了Have that on me.这是钥匙And here's your key.上楼右转往前走就到了Up the stairs, right in front. You can't miss it.谢谢Thanks.什么风把你吹到这里了Didn't think I'd see you tonight.- 来呼吸一下这农场的空气  - 说吧，怎么了- Bit of an atmosphere at Stonefield.  - Tell me everything.结婚呗，我根本不想尝试Marriage. Remind me never to try it.安迪，你这么性感，没人能得到你Andy, you're just a sex object. No one would have you.这种勇敢行为已经存在了好几个世纪了？Ahem. So the Hardiments have lived here for centuries, huh?不是吧，大概二十年No. About 20 years.在当地标准看来还是很陌生Still strangers, by local standards.安迪，来看看英格丽，我…额…Andy, uh, come look at Ingrid. I, uh...我想她现在很激动I think she's coming into heat.贝丝，她很漂亮She's very nice, Beth.是啊，我也这么觉得Yeah. I owe her a lot.他丈夫这人倒是不怎么样？Husband's kind of a sleaze bag, huh?我们过去在这说的事实上的“刺痛”We'd say "prick" here, actually.或是一个自欺欺人的人Or wanker.说得好，甚至我们可以说他是一个混蛋That's good. We might even call him a fuck.你说的也不赖That's good too.- 我能帮你吗？ - 我就铲铲锅底- Can I help?  - It's going rotten underneath.- 我能看看英格丽吗？ - 看…她已经离开了- Can I have a look at Ingrid?  - Look, it's... It's falling apart.好了，贝丝，还是让我来吧Yeah, well, I can do that. Beth...花不了五分钟就可以了He won't last five minutes.噢，天哪，他已经翻译成了冰岛语和斯瓦西里语Oh, Jesus. He's been translated into Icelandic and Swahili.“出版的真多”What an output.“我的书也一定能成功”I need my book to be a success.“至少需要一个奖赏来安慰一下自己的付出”I need a tiny reward for all my endeavors.“我想上厕所”I need a dump.- 贝丝  - 别碰我- Beth.  - No, don't touch me.- 你有什么不敢的  - 对不起- Don't you dare.  - I'm sorry.- 够了，别说了  - 对不起- Not good enough, not any more.  - I'm sorry.你很喜欢说对不起是吗？You do what you like, then you're sorry?我痛恨我自己，我真的恨我自己I hate myself. I hate myself.你去哪里了？Where were you?我带她去伦敦了，谈了一夜I drove her back to London. Took all night.- 你去她家了？ - 一切都结束了，她不会再来了- You drove her home?  - I finished it. She was in a state.- 就这么结束了？ - 对不起- So it's over?  - I'm sorry.我不知道我为什么这样I don't know why I'm like this.我的生活不能没有你I couldn't manage without you.我的去一下瓶子仓库I've got to go to the bottle bank.好的Okay.- 那等一下聊  - 好的- Let's talk later.  - Yeah.- 你这色鬼又让我为你心动  - 有吗？- The goat's come into heat.  - Has it?我太爱你了I love you so much.我也是Me too.我刚刚看了勇敢的亲吻还有弥补I've just seen the Hardiments kiss and make up.- 顺其自然  - 看起来她很希望他回来- The hat's on.  - Looks like she's taking him back.这么显而易见，根本不用说When the hat's on, it means don't speak.又和好如初了So peace is restored.为了混蛋的利益！Oh, for fuck's sake!- 我很不喜欢牛  - 是吗- I don't like cows.  - Yeah.- 他们发出一股不善意的预谋  - 是吗- They exude bovine malice.  - Yeah.这些女孩正在遭弄这些机器These girls are killing machines.- 她们同样不喜欢美国人  - 那倒非常有意思- They don't like Americans either.  - Very funny.这是维纳兹农场It's Winnards Farm.夫人前一久在这里去世了，地方倒也空旷Lady there died a while back. Place is empty.- 这里好像被洗劫过？ - 是嘛- Think it's being robbed?  - Nah.可能是小孩在这里淘气Probably just kids.在这里除了惹是生非，没有什么可干的Nothing to do around here except make trouble.那要是有坏人该怎么办？What if it's bad guys?那你没有短枪或是猎枪或别的武器？Don't you have a blunderbuss or a fowling piece or something?这片地方原来属于我爸Used to belong to my dad, this place.- 真的吗？ - 但是现在却烟消云散了- Really?  - But it all went tits up.土地被一个大财团收购，房子卖给了一个伦敦人The land was flogged to a consortium and the house sold to Londoners.- 德雷威斯家族  - 这是你们祖传的房子吗？- The Drewes.  - So this is your ancestral pile?过去是Was.我就出生在那个房间里Born in that room up there.看见这情景心里不是滋味吧You must have been pretty resentful.这个农场是我的，你这个大鼻子Oil This farm's mine, big nose.- 你在干什么？ - 你是谁啊？- Hey, what are you doing?  - Who are you?傻瓜，安迪，是我啊Andy, you moron. It's me.泰姆？Tam?我怎么就没有认出你I didn't even recognize you.你不能这么干Well, you won't do it that way.那你快来帮帮我啊Then help me.过去常常为你母亲做点工Used to do bits of work for your mom.她死了以后就一直把它放在容易看见的这里Been keeping an eye on the place since she died.这是什么工作，制图？What kind of work, graphics?- 不是，我现在做园艺  - 你是个园艺师？- No, I do horticulture now.  - You're a gardener?哇，这真是一个老房子Wow, this is a great old house.谢谢，你想买吗？Thanks. Do you want to buy it?我的风格或许不适合，我更喜欢我的生活里有个行李包I'm not the property-owning type, no. I prefer my life to fit in hand luggage.- 所以你回去想收购它？ - 对啊- That why you're back, to flog it?  - Yep.为那些银行的傻瓜准备第二套新家Make a nice second home for some banker wankers.听着，安迪，如果你想要，你为什么不给我发个邀请函呢？Look, Andy, if you want it, why don't you just make me an offer?因为受经济的原因，自己挺难过的Because, sadly, I'm still prey to the economic forces这使得我们这些农村人不得不离开这里that threw the peasant classes off the land.真不幸Unlucky.泰姆Tam.你怎么神奇的弄了一下你的鼻子？What the fuck have you done to your nose?听好了，安迪，外星人来弄得Oh, come on, Andy. Aliens came and took it.她完全不一样She's completely different.他原来什么样，有什么有趣的故事吗？What was she like before? What's the story?- 不止一个  - 说来听听- There isn't one.  - Oh, come on.其实也没什么，都是十几年前年轻人的事情了It was nothing. Decade ago. Just a teenage thing.你应该找个人来一起坠入爱河You should find someone you're in love with.- 大笨蛋  - 你说你爱我啊，小甜甜？- Stupid prick.  - You saying you love me, frosty tits?- 你先说  - 你是女孩，你先说- You first.  - You're the girl, you say it.我爱你I love you.让开，我爱你！Fuck off. I love you!罗密欧和朱丽叶啊？Romeo and Juliet, huh?还在一个高级的小木屋里？Something classy in the wood shed, huh? Heh.- 你觉得他怎么样？ - 不行- Would you do him?  - No.- 那他呢？ - 他可是个同性恋- What about him?  - He's gay, you dobbin.- 是吗？ - 当然- So?  - Oh.真讽刺Swipe.中士本，我看见他就激动Ben Sergeant. I'd walk through fire to do him.- 他是个鼓手？ - 他可不仅仅是个鼓手- The drummer?  - He's not just the drummer.他能作词，他能指挥，他简直就是他妈的天才He writes all the lyrics. It's his band. He's the fucking genius.他不像斯蒂芬·易凯，也不像任何其他的傻瓜，他可是本啊Not Steve Culley, or any of these wankers. It's Ben.额，是吗，我好像认识Okay, yeah. I... I'd do Ben.我要是她就好了，穿着那样的裙子，还能得到他的亲吻I wanna be her, in that dress, with him licking my teapot lids.我也想Yeah, me too.你文章构思的怎么样，格蕾丝？So has the muse shone on you, Greg?我最近对这总是不能集中精力了I've been pretty distracted most recently就是由于这些美味，贝丝下午还要在做by those delicious cookie things Beth brought around this afternoon.那当然，这里有很多美味的饼干Oh, yes. Of course, we call them biscuits here.这就这里的人自己做的And by the place itself, the people.有的时候自己都想糊涂一点I sometimes wish I could get distracted.一天写上十页文章，或好或坏Ten-page-a-day man, rain or shine.哇，听起来让人提心吊胆，一天只写十页？你怎么可能那么做Wow. That's scary. Ten pages a day, how do you do that?- 哦，格雷格  - 格伦- Oh, Greg,  - Glen.我根本就没有假设能给学术费用I wouldn't presume to give an academic tips.事实上，我读了一本你的书Matter of fact, I read one of your books...是另外一种困惑，我原以为它是很棒的材料Another distraction. ...I thought it was decent stuff.那我该怎么做呢？格雷格，我可是刚刚写好它Well, how do I do it? I just get on with it, Greg.“我得再来一份饼干”"We call them biscuits here."- 为了这冥想构思  - 对啊- To the muse.  - The muse.无论你怎么找到她However you find her.干杯Cheers.那是谁？Who's that?是塔玛拉·德鲁That's Tamara Drewe.- 不像吧  - 我和安迪一起见过的- No, it isn't.  - I met her with Andy.我的天啊，她怎么了？她鼻子表漂亮了，爸爸Good God, what's happened to her? She had a nose job, Dad.简直完全不一样了She's completely different.安迪也这么说That's what Andy said.可怜的塔玛拉，她可是个忧伤的女孩Poor Tamara, she's such a sad girl.尼古拉斯，她原来常常帮你洗车，不是吗？She used to come help you wash the car, didn't she, Nicholas?那是她还很年轻When she was a teenager.她父亲死后，她就一个人过She liked a bit of family after her dad left.他就是在每周日论坛上面Is that Tamara Drewe that writes a column- 写文章的塔玛拉·德鲁？ - 原来是的- in one of the Sundays?  - Used to.- 现在好像自己写点东西了  - 噢- Writes for The Independent now.  - Oh.她活了几个星期去做了鼻子整形术She spent weeks going on about her nose job.- 她原来的鼻子真的很难看？ - 是啊- Was her old one an awful conk?  - Yes.看来她还挺满意这超短裤She's poured herself into those shorts.真希望她没画眉Hope they don't give her thrush.你们好啊，请原来我的冒昧Hello. Sorry to intrude.- 你好，塔玛拉  - 你好啊，波比？- Hi, Tamara. Poppy.  - How are you?我真喜欢你的新鼻子I love your new hooter.谢谢了，不过它不是新的，仅仅小了一点Thanks. It's not actually new, it's just smaller.塔玛拉，很对不起你母亲Tamara. So sorry about your mom.- 没关系了  - 你打算在这里待多久？- Thanks.  - Are you staying down for long?我带着看吧，得把一些事情处理完I'll have to. There's so much to be done.那你要是需要帮助就告诉我Well, let us know if we can help.那这里有个能干力气活的吗？Could you spare a pair of strong arms?这几天我都需要搬些东西I've got a skip coming tomorrow, and...尼古拉斯？Nicholas?- 我可以的  - 我也可以做- I'm available.  - I do skips.尼古拉斯？哦，这东西不行啊Nicholas? Oh, bug...喔Oh. Um...谢谢你们每个人，你们都很善良Thank you, everyone. You're very kind.安迪不在这里吗？Is Andy around at all?哦，安迪不行Oh, I... I can't spare Andy.他正为我的黄色奥尔顿鸡做个笼子He's making a new coop for my Buff Orpingtons. Heh.没事的，等下把它弄干We'll soon have that dry, don't worry. Heh-heh.她让格伦去哪里帮了她一早上She's had Glen down there helping her all morning.我真希望她能意识到格伦本应在这工作I hope she realizes he's here to work.简直不能相信她的鼻子有这么大的变化Can't believe what a difference her nose makes.我觉得这本来就错了，变得一点没特点了I think it's a mistake. Taken away all her character.- 不是吧，她比原来看起来漂亮多了  - 嗯- Come on, she looks 10 times better.  - Huh.她应该知道，我是看见他的超短裤才生气的And she knows it. I found those shorts really irritating.他四处闲逛，还漏半个屁股在外面，我意思就是为什么啊？Going around with half her bum hanging out. I mean, why?- 看来别人喜欢你都会给你带来麻烦  - 嗯- To annoy people like you.  - Hmm.人有两面性嘛I might get a pair myself.- 当然，难道你没有嘛  - 我为什么不能有？- Of course you wouldn't.  - Why not?因为你又不是那么绝望，不是吗？Because you're not desperate, are you?过去其他人可是对塔玛拉·德鲁绝望透顶There was always something desperate about Tamara Drewe.你为什么要去整容？Why did you change your face?整容是我人生至此做的最有意义的事情Changing my face is the best thing I ever did.我从来就不担心别人怎么想I don't care what anybody else thinks.你觉得我也可以做一个吗？可以啊，要是你有皱纹的话You think it would work for me? Maybe, if you did the wrinkles too.你可别这么对我Oh, you're just coming on to me now.在你的论坛里，你写了你自己，你觉得这一切来之容易吗？In your column, you write about yourself. Does that come easily?不容易，仅仅感觉正确Not easily. It just feels right.我的第一部小说想写成自传体My first novel is definitely going to be autobiographical.你的第一部小说？那你可要把它快点写完，就像说的那样？Your first novel? You're gonna dash one off, just like that?有点理想化了，我想三十岁以前写出来Heh. Ideally, I'd like to make it into fiction before I'm 30.那你可以收藏泳衣，弄个聊天平台，或者有很多意大利面酱Then maybe a swimwear collection, chat show, pasta-sauce range.什么？What?生活为了美丽而变得简单Life sure comes easy for the beautiful.你知道嘛，在我没整形鼻子以前You know, before I had the nose job,我可能很容易就严肃起来I had no problem being taken seriously.他们可能因为一点点的事情就离开Maybe when they removed that bit of cartilage,他们总是那我的鼻子说事they pulled out my brain by mistake.你会想到什么？What do you think?谢谢你Thank you.她单身，你知道吧She's single, you know.嗯，但不是太准确的知道这层关系，我们只是偶尔见过几次Well, it's not exactly a relationship. We have an occasional thing.- 佐伊可没这么冷静  - 不是佐伊- Zoe doesn't wanna be tied down...  - Not Zoe.是塔玛拉Tamara.你应该去哪里娶这个女孩，你们就可以再哪里生活了You should get in there. Marry the girl. Then you could live- 这样又可以住在你们祖上的房里了  - 算了，这不是她的风格- in your ancestral home again.  - No. Not her type.安迪，你知道嘛，问题就出在你自己，认为你自己是个失败者Andy, you know, the trouble with you is that you think like a loser.我知道因为我自己就是个失败者，所以还想提醒一下身边的其他失败者I know this because I'm the loser that all other losers come to for tips.我可是失败者中的失败者I am a loser's loser.我是个纯种失败者I'm a pedigree loser.本来可以去坐坐制图事业，可是破产了Had a graphics business, went bust.那是我自认为自己有商业头脑Then with my great business acumen,我投资过一家大麻栽培业I invested in a poly tunnel full of ganja.可是六年之后，我的存钱罐里一个大子也没有了，我只能和盒子一起回去Spent six years stoned out of my box. I'm only just getting it back together.除此之外Besides,即便我是世上剩下的最后一个男人even if I was the last man in the world,塔玛拉·德鲁也不会得到我Tamara Drewe wouldn't have me.为什么这样？Why not?- 我抛弃过她  - 哦，真失败- I dumped her.  - Oh, you are a loser.我那时才二十岁I was 20.同事们说我老牛吃嫩草And my mates thought I was cradle-snatching.- 他们都叫她是鹰钩鼻子  - 鹰钩鼻子？- And they used to call her Beaky.  - Beaky?鹰钩鼻子？Beaky?“男的什么也不知道”Boys know nothing.我正在读《英迟康博》这本书，书是英迟康博先生的I've been reading Inchcombe's Dose. The bit where Dr. Inchcombe想法是关于这该死家伙的女儿finds himself having thoughts about the dead guy's daughter.你把她描述的满脸雀斑，轮廓突出You describe her light smattering of freckles and her striking profile.是谁让你这么想的？So who did you base her on?你有注意过我么？Have you noticed me?我倒还很注意你Because I've noticed you.你这样弄得我很尴尬You're making yourself ridiculous.尼古拉斯你蠢货！Nichol-arse!你做什么美梦呢？A man can dream, huh?没有啦No.哦，写啊，你个笨蛋Oh, write, you numbskull.- “这是那个年代最好电影演员”  - “是的”- The best ham I've had in ages.  - Good.怎么了托马斯·哈代？How's Thomas Hardy?- 我正在浪费我的节假日  - 哦，我的天啊- I'm wasting my sabbatical.  - Oh, dear.我一直在写这本书，可是总是不能截稿I've been writing this book forever. Don't know why I can't finish it.交付日期到现在都要两年了Two years behind on my delivery date,而这样的结尾，怎么好意思要一点点预付款and Fantail could ask for their chickenshit advance back.我写不出来，我都快难产了I can't write. I'm fucking constipated.真实糟糕It's a disaster.哎呀Crikey.额…对不起，格伦，我得赶在安迪离开前把他揪回来Oh. Uh, sorry, Glen. Um... I've gotta grab Andy before he rushes off.塔玛拉想让他去帮忙收拾屋子Tamara's asked him to do up her house.为什么？她知道他要为我干多累的活嘛Why? She knows how hard he works for me.这些都是他粉丝的信吗？Is this all his fan mail?是啊，我每周都会有两到三个讲习会，来让这个数量保持高度Yeah. I do a couple of sessions a week to keep on top of it.这对打造尼古拉斯的名气有帮助Pretty good at forging Nick's signature.我们为社么不找个合适的时间谈谈呢？Why don't we have a proper chat about it?- 过去总是帮助尼古拉斯  - 你就这么帮他？那你有时间吗？- Always used to help Nicholas...  - You'd do that? You have time?以后会有的I'll just, uh...泰姆？Tam?泰姆？Tam?泰姆？Tam?我弄了一些有色图表，你来看看Got some col or charts for you to see.你觉得在这房里应该添加什么颜色？What col or do you think it should be in here?噢，我过去认为Well, I was thinking, um,这种颜色比较好吧this one for down here.其他的，嗯And, um...- 这种颜色放在卧室吧  - 好啊- This one for the bedroom.  - Okay.你就不觉得应该倒杯茶啊，或比的什么的吗？So, uh, what do you have to do to get a cup of tea around here?那你自己弄，茶，糖，冰箱Make it. Tea, sugar, fridge.我的去上班了I'm off to work.嘿Hey!- 这是我们自己的村子！真他妈见鬼的地方！ - 下来- This is our village! Our fucking field!  - Go on.- 放开我！ - 走开，你这个蠢货，让我们进去！- Get off!  - Come on, bastard. Let us in!你和你妈也这么说话吗？滚开Kiss your mother with that mouth? Fuck off.马上走开Get on, shove it.少胡扯，滚开！Bullshit! Fuck off!斯维普他妈的结束了！斯蒂夫·易凯其实是个…Swipe is fucking finished! Steve Culley is a...滚开，佛兰现在就是个废物Fuck off. Fran has been shagging that tosser.- 斯蒂夫，别动手！ - 来啊- Steve, stop it!  - Come on then.- 别打了！ - 噢- Stop it!  - Uhn!- 我叫塔玛拉·德鲁  - 什么？- I'm Tamara Drewe.  - What?我想我应该认识你了，为了你的不受约束I'm supposed to be interviewing you, for The Independent.原来的日程安排总是推迟It was scheduled for later,现在却是一个好时机？but is now a good time?“斯维普！斯维普！斯维普！”Swipel Swipel Swipel“斯维普！斯维普！斯维普！”Swipel Swipel Swipel- 他们应该让我们自由进出的  - 就是- They should let us in for free.  - Too right.他们来这里，吃我们的，用我们的They come here, drink our water, use our fields.只能在我们的地下水里留下大粪And they leave all their crap in our drains.好漂亮的女朋友啊Nice girlfriend, mate.本，本，本！Ben. Ben!- 你在干什么？ - 那是斯维普乐队的本啊- What are you doing?  - That's Ben from Swipe.他和他的狗啊，本！And he's got his dog. Ben!本，本！Ben! Ben!他是老板That's Boss.上来Up.小伙子，过来Boy. Come on.- 嗨，老板  - 对- Hi, Boss.  - There.- 你不反感这么叫吧？ - 为独立的鼓手？- Not allergic, are you?  - To in die drummers?或许会吧Maybe.那是他妈的谁啊？Who the fuck's she?我在斯通菲尔德农场，他还做过鼻子的矫形I've seen her up at Stonefield. She's got a nose made of plastic.谁影响到你了？So who are your influences?人人总这么问Everyone asks that.我的意思是你想要我怎么说？菲尔·柯林斯？I mean, what do you want me to say? Phil Collins?还是《提线木偶》里面的动物？Animal from The Muppets?- 这是你的房子？ - 是啊- This your house?  - Yeah.- 你想买它吗？ - 不想- Do you want to buy it?  - No.我也想要些东西I want something else.她是怎么接近本的？三月份开始我就爱上他了How come she gets Ben? I've loved him since March.- 想来点啤酒吗？ - 好啊- Would you like a beer?  - Yeah.- 莫林·塔克  - 谁啊？- Maureen Tucker.  - Who?莫林·塔克，天鹅乐队的，用脚趾都可以弹奏Moe Tucker. The Velvets. Five-foot-nothing.以前经常站着敲Used to stand up to play.用木棒使劲敲那旋鼓，真是精神的享受啊Put the snare drum on its side and whacked it with mallets. Mentalist.你写了那么多歌You write a lot of songs. That's pretty rare for a drummer.是啊，你听到的一切关于鼓手的消息都是放屁Yeah, well, everything you've heard about drummers is complete shit.你的意思他们不自相残杀？You mean they don't spontaneously combust?没这意思No.仅仅有时候会Only sometimes.有问题吗？Any more questions?天啊，我的老天爷Jesus. Oh, my God.你好啊Hello.谁家的狗？Who are you?泰姆，这是谁家的狗？You know anything about this dog, Tam?泰姆，来点早餐吧？You want some breakfast, Tam?泰姆？Tam?- 你的作品怎么样了？ - 蛮好的，尼古拉斯，刚完成- How goes the opus?  - Fine, Nicholas, just fine.这可是最晦涩的小说了《受人爱戴的人》It's his most obscure novel, The Well-Beloved.大多数人从来没有听过他Most people have never even heard of it.说的是一个二十岁的小伙子，爱上了一个年轻貌美的女人It's about a young guy of 20 who falls in love with a beautiful young woman.等到他四十岁的时候却爱上了这女人的女儿Then when he's 40, he meets the woman's daughter and he falls in love with her.最后，到他六十岁的时候爱上了他的孙女And finally, when he's 60, he meets her granddaughter.噢，真是太不应该了Oh, he doesn't.坠入神奇的爱情Yeah. Falls in mystical love.哈代在他生活里也这样吧Hardy was the same in his life too.他都一把年纪了，眼睛还是离不开年轻女性Even as he aged, he only had eyes for young women.对他来说永远长不大好像是必须的It's like, in one essential way, he never grew up.- 他总穿那裤子啊  - 是啊- In his trousers.  - Ha. Yeah.要知道，他八十多岁时应该还那样He was still at it in his 80s, you know.大雪满屋顶时，依然可以在炉壁旁烤火Snow on the rooftop, fire in the cellar.哈哈，格伦，你怎么也不过一下这样的生活？Ha-ha. Why won't it come for you, Glen?你说的好像专门为你定做的一样The way you talk about it is so engaging.你怎么能不试试哪？Do you wanna try?你要知道，那只是一本小说而已？Well, there's an academic style, you know?那你写了给谁看？谁会是你理想的读者？Who are you writing for? Who's your ideal reader?你要是写成你说的这样，你会使我更愿意读哈代的书If wrote the way you spoke, you'd make me want to read Hardy.- 是吗？ - 是的- Really?  - Yeah.要是你写成和你朋友讨论的那样，就再试试If you wrote like you were talking to a friend. Try it again.哦Oh.喔，喔，喔Oh! Ha-ha-ha.不，不，不，即便我是先锋也不应该吧No, no, no. It's not as if I'm avant-garde.- 我只是稍微迎合了一下流行口味  - 你的作品离要求差的太远- I simply pander to popular taste.  - Your books are far more than that.可能有一小点问题吧，或许是我写作的时候打了一小点盹Just airport fodder. I think I write them in my sleep sometimes.我还希望我写作的时候是清醒的I wish I wrote so well awake.你的散文能赚钱又生动，简直好伟大Your prose are so economical, so vivid, like the greats.- 就像雷蒙德·钱德勒  - 哦，不是吧- Like Raymond Chandler.  - Oh, come on.- 格雷罕姆·格林  - 我仅仅赚回我包装费- Graham Greene.  - I'm just earning a crust.你成功创造了英迟康博You created Inchcombe.要是他生活在现实中，他一定是个十全男人If only he were real. He's my kind of man.是啊，他经验丰富，整天忙碌，但又很感性Yes. Sophisticated, jaded, but so vulnerable.有点讽刺，但他绝对是个完好男人了Cynical, but a man of total integrity.我的书写的远远没有那么好My books don't say anything remotely profound.我又不能向我们这里的一些作家假装智者I can't pretend to be an intellectual, not like the professor here,用自己批判的光辉照亮别人的无知illuminating our ignorance with his critical glow.我喜欢散文，我写了很多正派的东西，我很喜欢他们I love prose. I turn a decent plot. That's pretty much it.- 离开一下  - 人们现在要想越来越喜欢犯罪小说了- Excuse me.  - People like crime fiction,无论多么暴力，多么震惊似乎都能取悦他们because no matter how violent or shocking, it comforts them.告诉你个秘密，尼古拉斯很讨厌这样的情形Secretly, Nicholas hates all this.这种可怕的周末肯定让他精疲力尽These crime weekends really take it out of him.在我的书里，一个疲惫的先生...in my case, a jaded doctor.我能帮你什么Let me help.嗯，他们需要用这个打扫Oh, well, they need dusting with this.恢复体力是为了…Restoring order to...今天我在我的屋子里I went to my room today,写了三个小时，时间一下就没了and I wrote for three hours. The time, it just vanished.真不错，你真是有才华啊That's great. That's brilliant.我自己觉得像一个刚刚走出阴影的男人I feel like a man who's just passed a gargantuan stool.哦，超级的Oh, super.哦Oh! Uh...里面放点薄荷Sprig of mint on top.我的生活根本就不像那样，我写前会准备很多素材，哈哈Of course, my life isn't like that, so I just make stuff up. Ha-ha.其实作为作家真实的秘密就是学会怎么撒谎The real secret of being a writer is learning how to lie,因为不管讲故事的人怎么样，小偷或者骗子because that's what storytellers are, thieves and liars.[塞缪尔·约翰逊：十八世纪英国作家，批评家]“所有美德的基础是真实”塞缪尔·约翰逊"The basis of all excellence is truth." Samuel Johnson.“我在农场遇见一位女孩，她的名字叫塔玛拉”! I met a girl on a farm Her name was Tamara!本，我正在写作Ben, I'm trying to write.“我想为她写一首歌，但是一件事情又提醒了我”! I wanted to write her a song But one thing caused me alarm!好了，本，这是一个新故事Please, Ben, it's a new story.“他的名字和任何东西不押韵”! Her name didn't rhyme With anything!“我单独是这个问题，我还得歌唱出来”! Not a single thing I wanted to sing!故事来自我的内心，关于我父母的It comes from my heart, it's about my mom and dad.“所有东西她都弄得井井有条，是我很舒适”! All she wants to do is type It's making me want a little bite!“因为我太贪吃了，塔玛拉亲自为我做意大利面”! So cook me pasta carbonara Because I'm ravenous, Tamara!“把我的发型弄得和王冠一样”! Then shag me Wearing your tiara!安迪Andy.你能别打扰我的狗吗？Let me dog in, will you?上来喝一杯吧，帅哥Cheers, mate.- 他肯定很喜欢亲人造美女  - 他根本就不是真的爱她- He must like kissing plastic.  - He doesn't really love her.他仅仅是因为失去佛兰的一种报复He's just on the rebound from losing Fran.用这种滥交来麻痹他的伤口Numbing his pain with loads of empty rampant sex.他真的想要什么What he really needs...- 一个十五岁就来自尤都村？ - 所以？奇怪的东西发生了- Is a 15 year old from Ewedown?  - So? Stranger things happen.他仅仅大十岁，也没什么别的，要是他遇到我He's only 10 years older, and that's nothing. If he met me...- 假设他遇到我  - 一定会有爱的，对吗？- If he just met me...  - It'd be love, right?是的，兴许我会勉强同意和他做爱Yeah. But I'd settle for sex.你父母的卧室还养鸽子吗？我还以为他是一个爱出风头Cooer, in your parents' bedroom? Still, I suppose being an exhibitionist并且是在舞台上的顶梁柱is part of his job, strutting about on stage.他才不是顶梁柱，他只是个鼓手He doesn't strut. He's a drummer.他简直就是头蠢驴He sits on his ass.他长得倒蛮英俊的？深红色的夹克He's very good-looking, isn't he? Poppy You Tubed him.总让我们对他没什么好感We both got quite hot and bothered.- 他不是有车吗？一辆黄色的保时捷  - 是啊- Is that his car? The yellow Porsche.  - Yep.总是在村里发动机呜呜地开得那么快Yeah, a bit brash, vrooming through the village.想想我们的塔玛拉把一个摇滚明星打包了Fancy our Tamara bagging a bona fide rock star.她原来是只丑小鸭，现在一定兴奋极了She was such an ugly duckling. She must be thrilled to bits.我们一个小时以后才开门We're not open for another hour.好的Good.我意思是，她过去是个蛮有意思的人I mean, she used to be so funny. So human.他到底在伦敦遇到什么了？What does she see in that London knob?他甚至还化妆，她原来怎么这么肤浅？He even wears fucking make up. How did she get so shallow?安迪，你真的现在想和她做爱吗？Andy, are you really going on about her now?- 哦  - 还是你刚才那样？- Oh.  - Where are your manners?不好意思I'm sorry.你的下面很大，再多一点时间Bide your time, you big prick.哦，本Oh, Ben.停下，可耻的宠物！Come here, you wretched beast!臭狗一条！Stinking animal!肮脏的破狗！Filthy hound!他妈的在跑Fuck soup.停下Here.- 这是什么？ - 他看起来像什么？- What's this?  - What does it look like?本Ben.戴哪个手指？Which finger?随便你Wherever you want.这个应该最好了That one's nice.就把戒指戴在这个上面吧Stick it on that one.- 我的母牛可能要流产了  - 潘妮平静点，我来收拾这狗- Those girls could have aborted.  - Calm down, Penny. I'll sort him out.它还咬我，你们一家为什么还要生活在这镇子上呢It beats me why you people want to live in the country.- 一点责任感都没有  - 这有不是我们的狗- You have no sense of responsibility.  - It's not our dog.你好，潘妮，怎么了？Hello, Penny. How's tricks?- 哦，尼古拉斯  - 你看起来精神蛮好的，外套很精致- Oh, Nicholas.  - You're looking good. Terrific coat.- 哦，不会吧，这个看起来不是旧衣服？ - 你看起来像个王室贵族- Oh, what, this old thing?  - You look like royalty.- 好的，我努力试试  - 不能等你下一部书了- Well, I try.  - Can't wait for your next book.英迟康博现在简直是个热点Inchcombe's such a sauce pot.贾尔斯还总说，“你正在读什么？Giles always says, "What are you reading, Penny?你自己听见的就足以让你精力充沛了”You've got steam coming out of your ears."这戒指在说什么？What's the ring saying, Ben?“你好，我是戒指，你能嫁给我吗”？"Hello, I'm a ring. Will you marry me?"什么？What?我不知道I didn't know.不知道什么？Didn't know what?不知道你是不是真的爱我That you're in love with me.戒指说：“我可是白金长久版The ring is saying, "I'm platinum with a long guarantee.你愿意嫁给我吗”？Will you marry me?"愿意Yes.- 谁啊？ - “塔玛拉在吗”- What?  - Oh, is Tamara there?她正在计划被推出She is being proposed to.嘘，这里有作家正在思索写作Shh. There are writers here trying to write.你好啊Hello.额，这是黄色奥尔顿鸡，现在有很高的鸡冠Oh, um, this is, uh, a Buff Orpington. He's a bit peaky today.他们不是什么下蛋的能手，但是他们很好看They're not great layers, but they're very decorative. Heh.我们这，我们这里蛮有秩序的We're, um... We're fully organic here.尽管我院向我们的主要任务是写作Though, uh, I like to think our champion product is, uh, the written word. Heh-heh.著名的本The famous Ben.斯维普乐队的？Swipe, eh?不是，斯维普已经解散了，我想全世界都应该知道了No, Swipe's over. I thought the whole world knew that.我一般都没看过新闻之夜It wasn't on Newsnight, no.本要去塔玛拉，听起来不好吗？Ben's engaged to Tamara. Isn't that lovely?当我出来是，他刚刚爆出这事He'd just popped the question when I rang.那女方同意吗？And she said yes?我们会为你们高兴的We're delighted for you both.妈的为什么给狗套链子？Why is he on a fucking chain?他刚才不听话He was out of control.你们怎么会喜欢约束动物？How would you like to be chained up?他追逐家禽，还到处乱咬He was chasing livestock. He could have got shot.谁敢动它，我他妈就动谁They shoot him, I'll fucking shoot them.真难以相信Unbelievable.这杂种狗，我觉得这世界真是一坨狗屎Here, pooch. I think the word is gobshite.我真希望他能让她快乐I hope he makes her happy.女孩们的父亲一旦离开，女孩们往往过的艰辛It's hard for girls when their dads walk out.男人们会带给她们苦果Gives them bad taste in men.你这是什么意思？What's that supposed to mean?哦，我是说塔玛拉还是女孩的时候，她父亲就离开了Oh, just saying Tamara's father left when she was a girl and...那可是“十便士心理学”That is 1 0-pence psychology.你根本不知道你说的是什么You don't know what you're talking about.可怜的小男人Poor little man.“我的黄色奥尔顿鸡”，“我的写作世界”"My Buff Orpingtons." "Oh, the written word."真他妈的怪人What a fucking freak.真不好意思，戒指不合适It's a shame the ring doesn't fit.你怎么没有带个你原来买给我的？Why didn't you bring one of mine along when you bought it?那时我不认识你，不是吗？I didn't know you then, did I?那你什么时候买的？So when did you buy it?还是给别人买的？Was it for someone else?你是给佛兰买的，是吗？You bought it for Fran, didn't you?那有怎么了？So?现在不是你的了吗It's yours now.她重来都没有戴过他，她没有戴过She never wore it. She didn't want it.- 你问她愿意嫁给你吗？ - 仅仅做个样子- Did you ask her to marry you?  - Just as a gesture,当她看见斯提夫，一切都变了when she started seeing Steve. That backfired.看，现在不是你的了吗，我现在娶你Look, it's you I wanna marry now.这戒指，这戒指无关紧要The ring... The ring doesn't matter.戒指仅仅就是个消费品The ring's just a consumerist piece of zinc.现在无论怎样我都爱你What matters is that I love you.是吗？Do you?是啊Yes.我整个的心都爱你With my whole heart.和我其他所有的东西And all the other stuff.比如我的脑子，我的内脏Like me brain, me entrails.我的胰腺Me pancreas.所有的一切全部嫁给你It all wants to marry you.好吗？Hmm?她希望你能有个大概交付日期，我说复活节She wondered if you had a delivery date in mind. I said Easterish.来杯咖啡吧，还是热的Oh, mind that cocoa, it's hot.这有几份邀请，我会出席的There's a few invites. I'll pop them there.你把你想去的标好记号You just tick the ones you want to go to.哦，提姆想知道，你到底在圣诞假做不做哈蒂森的签名会Oh, and, uh, Tim wants to know if you'll do your Christmas signing in Hadditon.我知道他总是不开心，但我觉得他蛮重要I know he's always ungrateful, but I think it's so important对于保持一些小书店的盈利，对吗？to keep these little bookshops open, don't you?嗯Mm-hm.快点过来，亲爱的Come in soon, my love.看着胖女人屁股上的肉Look at that cellulite.她坐在车里显得座位那么小，还有什么？She been sitting on a bead car seat or what?“他的纹身有九块"Her latest tattoo count was nine,包括苏门答腊虎，永生符文”including a Sumatran tiger and 'eternity' written in Sanskrit."之后他在两者之间弄个条形码She'll be getting a bar code done next, right across there.[朱迪·加兰：演员]朱迪·加兰的脸也画在上面And Judy Garland's face right on there.亲爱的宝贝Nice baby, though.我还是喜欢那种颜色I'd like one that col or.他妈的闭嘴Shut the fuck up.- 赖安这个变态  - 我觉得他挺机灵的- That Ryan's a dick.  - I think he's cute.不是吧你，难道你还想亲吻他？No, you don't. Would you snog him?- 或许会的  - 他喜欢把鼻涕掉在你嘴里- Maybe.  - Be like having a slug in your mouth.妈的Shit.闭嘴，饭桶，这有什么好笑的Shut up, fat arse. It ain't funny.- 本  - 本？- Ben.  - Ben?来，我们一起来捣乱一顿Come on, let's do some messing.- 打扰一下格伦先生，有空吗？ - 你下一站将去哪里？- What about you, Glen? Sorry.  - Where will you be?带着我剩下的作品去伦敦吧In London with a collection of spare academics.我们还得装饰大厅，用我自己的饱学之法We'll be decking the halls in our own erudite way.我现在还没有时间聊天I'll miss our chats.在过去几周里，我一直沉浸在写作艺术带给我的极乐中Yeah. I've been in a state of writerly bliss these past weeks.- 我希望我能快点恢复  - 我也是，我们希望你早日回归- I hope I get to come back.  - Oh. Me too. We'd love to have you.知道吗，这是我吃过的最好的切成小块的饼You know, these are the best mince pies I've ever had.听说有一种食物人吃了会有性快感If it were possible to have an orgasm from food,这种小饼就是these mince pies would do it.哦，我的天啊Golly. Heh.“真恶心”Fuck.她为了安迪把钥匙放在这里She keeps this here for Andy.- 即使她有警报又能怎么样？ - 这么快就找到了- What if she's got an alarm?  - Soon find out.- 要是他们回来了怎么办？ - 你要是那么胆小就回家去吧- What if they come back?  - If you're too chicken, go home.- 我们他妈来这里干什么？ - 这也算我的一项调研吧- What the fuck are we doing here?  - It's kind of research.我需要写一下关于他们的东西，他们很有意思I want to write about them. They're funny.来吧，本Come on, Ben.二〇〇一是最好的一年，我买了三本书2001 was the best year. I just sold my last three cases.- 价格方面也领人振奋  - 除此之外，还推出了你- It's a perfect wine for the price.  - Besides, I want to show you off.那我算什么，漂亮女人？What am I, arm candy?你就想有漂亮面容的细菌More like arm fungus with that face.我有她漂亮的婚纱服I got her this gorgeous Rajasthani Ghagra skirt.真神奇Divine.她可能不喜欢这婚纱吧，哈哈She'll probably loathe it. Ha-ha.- 他要是不喜欢，我就会要的  - 格伦- But if she does, I'll have it.  - Glen.- 你好啊  - 本，本，这是格伦- Hi.  - Meet Ben. Ben, Glen.- 嗨，本  - 本是我的未婚夫- Hi, Ben.  - Ben's my fiance.- 你们要结婚了吗？ - 是啊- You're getting married?  - Uh-huh.这穿着真漂亮，足够拍电影了Okay. Beautiful dress, magazine photo shoot.每件事都追求小说家的需求Everything the aspiring novelist needs.- 我知道你很开心吧  - 吃块切饼吗？不要啊- I knew you'd be pleased.  - Have a mince pie? No.祝福你Congratulations.- 我们他妈的能不能离开？ - 等一下- Can we get the fuck out of here?  - Wait.在《有害领域》里面，你塑造了弗兰德下士In Field of Tares, you made Fred a corporal,但是在皇室炮手里没有这种编制but there's no such thing in the Royal Artillery.我们只能叫他投弹手They call them bombardiers.- 哦，谢谢你告诉我这个  - 没关系- Oh, thank you for that.  - Very good.不好意思Sorry.- 你好  - 塔玛拉- Hello.  - Tamara.你能帮我给本签个名吗？Would you make that out for Ben?- 给本  - 我的未婚夫- To Ben.  - My fiancE.我们夏天就要结婚了We're getting married in the summer.我听说了So I hear.那送上我最真心的同情，塔玛拉My heartiest commiserations, Tamara.圣诞快乐，尼古混蛋Merry Christmas, Nichol-arse.凯西，看Casey, look.这鼓棒The sticks.别，别碰No, don't touch.真单纯的孩子Pour Homme.一股男人味Smells like men.- 太爽了  - 茱蒂，简直和做梦一样- Live the dream, Case.  - Live the dream, Jode.他的鞋His boots.这叫做家庭的争吵! This is a call for a domestic dispute!她使我在角落里，她把我…! She's got me in the corner And she's put in...!本Ben.哦，我的上帝Oh, my God.好了，停车Look, stop going on about it.我对这个房子投了太多心血了I've invested a lot of time into this house.- 那你为什么不卖掉呢？ - 因为我已经在这里开始写作了- Why don't you sell it, then?  - Because I've started writing.在那里写不一样You can write anywhere.好了，我们跑出来了Yes, we've done it.不，本，这里比较合适，有许多的素材No, Ben, this is proper. It's not just stuff for the paper.还有我的青年读者，基本都在这里It's about my teens, and it's actually working for me here.我很开心这里对你有这么好的回忆，但是这里对我简直就是头疼死了I'm glad it's memory lane for you, but it's doing my fucking head in.我想去伦敦，那有人气，也像个城市I want some London. Some noise, some urban.我已经受够了，你到底愿意和我在一起吗？I've had enough. Are you with me or what?当然，我当然喜欢和你在一起Of course, I'm with you.这里真是压抑，烦死了It's depressing here. It's boring.每次我往窗外看的时候，就能看到安迪·科布这个蠢货And every time I look out the window, I see Andy Cobb's arse.怎么回事？What's that about?哎Oi!塔玛拉说让你拿几只圣诞鹅Tammy says you got Christmas geese.知道了Yep.我们要走了，妈的谢了We're leaving, thank fuck.那给我一只吧Well, give us one then.现在吗？Right now?是啊Yeah.哪里有多余的，你随便选That one's spare. Help yourself.你那是在笑吗？You having a laugh?什么？这些事他妈活的What? It's fucking alive.我觉得你随便就能把它弄死I suppose you'd better kill it then.怎么弄啊？How?这样轻轻地把它的头放下去Gently put its head down there.用这个敲鹅的后脑勺，要是乱动就拽住Quick in the back of skull with this. Pluck it while it's warm.用这个小瓶子盛血Little pot to catch all the blood.你觉得这样很爽吗？You enjoy that?一点都不No.但是在我这种低收入人里，这些是必须的But in my low-wage economy, this flock's worth a lot.安迪，你他妈简直就是个混蛋You are one sick fuck, Andy.- 随你便  - 你说什么？- Grow up.  - What, mate?我说我不和你一般见识I said, grow up.鼓手小男孩Little drummer boy.塔玛拉早上打电话了Tam phoned this morning.说让我早点把房子弄好Told me to finish the house.说春天里要用，完了Goes on the market in the spring, and that's it. Over.这蠢货为什么老跟着这女孩？Why does the ass hole always get the girl?快点吧，你要错过训练了Come on, or you'll miss that train.安迪Andy.这房子怎么样了？我能拆了重装一下吗？So, what about this shed? Am I dismantling it or mending it?等一下Hang on.那房子具体我也说不清I don't know. The shed.你是怎么想的？What do you think?我还是建议保留原样I recommend preserving it.真的吗？Really?老房子还是实用Always useful, a good shed.那交给你了Well, then keep it.好的Oh...安迪叔叔真是上等手艺Classy job, Uncle Andy.太漂亮了，完全变样It's like, transformed.本肯定不喜欢这里Ben won't like this.一定很讨厌这Bit boring.认为太老气了Bit old folks.我喜欢这窗帘，我喜欢那个I like those curtains. And I like that.我才不喜欢呢，不喜欢这台灯，不喜欢这壁纸No, don't like those lamps, or that paper.要是我就会掉很多金色的叶子I'd have gold leaf embossed all round there,满墙的火烈鸟and a wall of flamingo.- 本肯定喜欢那样  - 这么漂亮的椅子- Ben would like that.  - That's a lovely chair.这下面是什么？What's under here?我有一串珠的窗帘I'd have a bead curtain.浴室弄得稍微暗一点，深巧克力色或者天鹅紫And the bathroom needs to be darker, like deep chocolate or velvet plum.我洗澡时要在各种香精了And I'd bathe in scented oils.这一切准备都是为了本And then I'd be ready for Ben.每个细节都很精致，就像个典礼It won't just be a shag, Case. It'll be an event.我穿上我喜爱的薄纱外套和普拉达的胸罩I'll be wearing, like, a gossamer shirt and a bra set, Prada.他穿一件黑T恤And he'll be wearing a black T-shirt.全身紧身衣裹在那矫健的身材上And it'll be all taut over his buff bod.下面穿着卡尔文·克莱恩的四角裤And underneath, Calvin Klein boxers, black.他把我的名字纹在他身上，显露发达的胸肌And he'll have a tattoo of my name, and lush pecs.来自香奈儿的一股迷人气味And I'll smell of Allure by Chanel.他还想逃避我，可是我太诱人了And he tries to resist me but I'm a vision.这一切都太“金属”了"Ahh."却也很恭敬But also respectful.我的全部都要融化了And my V plates will melt into nothing.你在听吗？Are you listening?- 我太喜欢这个了  - 什么啊？- I like this.  - What?这里有点塔玛拉父亲带她一起出去吃饭的事情There's this bit where Tamara's dad takes her out for dinner,她原以为还可以好好吃一顿，但是她父亲在那时and she thinks it's some big treat, but what he's doing, right,却告诉他们要离开他们，所以那时她完全吐了is telling her that he's leaving them, and she... Right, she's gutted.她把她吐出来的东西装在餐厅纸里，放在他爸爸的盘子里She yak s up her food into her napkin and puts it on his plate.- 然后呢？ - 让人痛苦- So?  - It's painful.除了娱乐，再就是她的那些假鼻子传奇But funny. It's about her, Plastic Fantastic.- 茱蒂，她其实蛮忧伤的  - 忧伤？她简直就是幸运的母牛- Jode, she's sad. Sad?  - She's a lucky cow.我又读了一下《英迟康博·艾森瑞德》I've been re-reading Inchcombe Etherised,尼古拉斯早期的一本书one of Nicholas's early books.书里也有个典型叫西奥的奸夫There's a character, Theo, who's an adulterer.西奥还有个黄金准则是哄骗已婚女性的And Theo has a list of golden rules called Lulling the Spouse.“为了消除疑惑”他说“你也得贼喊捉贼”"To allay suspicion," he says, "you must first arouse it."尼古拉斯刚才打电话说他要去一趟老房子Nicholas rang me earlier to say he was going to be late home.喂，我碰上乌拉尔和西莉亚了Yeah, I just bumped into Raoul and Celia.我说：“哦，真不错”I said, "Oh, that's nice."后来我想“真的吗”？And thought, "Have you?"可是我又不想被怀疑所动And I couldn't shake the suspicion.可是一小时以后，我还是给乌拉尔打电话了So after an hour, I phoned Raoul.你好？是的，他在这里Hello? Yeah, he's right here.然后他把电话给尼古拉斯了And he put Nicholas straight on the line.你好Hello.他现在说的句句属实He's been telling the truth a lot recently.他真的对我好了吗？Is he lulling me?这又让我想起了《英迟康博·艾森瑞德》I might remind him that in Inchcombe Etherized,西奥的妻子会为他准备用餐刀叉的Theo's wife runs him through with a carving knife.- 你这是干什么？ - 有点乱吗- What are you doing?  - Just messing.我原来有三个情人节礼物I got three valentines.一份来自我妈妈，还有一份来自上次摔了一跤的赖安One from Mom, one from that peanut Ryan,还有一份神秘礼物来自本and a mystery one from Ben.我给你一份吧I sent you that.是三者其一吗？Is that theirs?是我妈妈的，他们不喜欢喝这种饮料It's my mom's. They don't drink this shit.来楼上，给你看看我干的Come upstairs and look at what I'm doing.我已经进入她的邮箱，让本回来I've got into her e-mails. We have to get Ben to come back.我给他寄送了一份情人节礼物I'm sending him a valentine.- 不是吧，真的不应该  - 用她的联系方式- No, you're not.  - From her address.笨蛋，他会以为是塔玛拉送的Then he'll think it's from Tamara, you dipshit.我知道它是来自我的But I know it'll be from me.标题：热爱Hot love.亲爱的，茱蒂Oh, God. Jody.“联系方式”本的联系方式在那？"Contacts." Where are you, Ben?我妈妈就为这个小伙子工作呢，他叫尼古拉斯·哈迪蒙特There's that bloke my mom works for, Nicholas Hardiment.那把她也加上，还有谁？Let's put him on. Who else?- 安迪叔叔  - 安迪·科布- Uncle Andy.  - Andy Cobb.写上“来自维纳斯农场吧Come to Winnards Farm.我将给你带来人生最大的刺激I'll give you the biggest shagging of your life.爱你，亲你，亲你，亲你，塔玛拉”Love, Tamara. Kiss, kiss, kiss.- 不是曾经，曾经发送过的吧  - 我刚刚写好的- Don't ever, ever send that.  - I just did.这是他妈的什么？What the fuck is this?“来自维纳斯农场吧"Come to Winnards Farm,我将给你带来人生最大的刺激”and I'll give you the biggest shagging of your life."“我将给你带来人生最大的刺激”"I'll give you the biggest shagging of your life."你在听我说话吗？Are you listening to me?本，你能不能别敲了？我根本就没写这种邮件Ben, will you stop drumming? I didn't write that e-mail.你为什么就不相信我？Why don't you believe me?佛兰和斯蒂夫·易凯闹别扭时When Fran started fucking Steve Culley,至少她还比较体面，也不至于告诉全世界at least she had the decency not to tell the whole world.你这到底是什么意思？What's that supposed to mean?她一定是想要一个四人组或者其他She must want a foursome or something.你幻想你们四人组里还有尼古拉斯·哈迪蒙特？You fancy a foursome with Nicholas Hardiment?那个鸡奸者Bugger that.她会怎么想？What was she thinking?或许她会激起你的嫉妒心Well, maybe she's trying to make you jealous.或许她会让他的男友嫉妒Or maybe she's trying to make the boyfriend jealous.或许她仅仅给你一个暗示Or maybe she's just trying to give him a really big hint或许她不会想这么多that she's not getting enough.或许她有一点古怪，又或许她疯了Or maybe she's just a bit kinky. Or maybe she's crazy.或许她会板着脸Or maybe she was off her face.他很生气She was pissed.“我过去重来没有生气过，没有卑鄙过，或其他的任何事”I wasn't pissed or depraved or anything.对，你说的对It's okay. It's okay.“那你能帮我去看看我的房子吗？确定没有人在里面”Can you go look at the house? To make sure no one's been in.- 没问题  - 谢谢了- No problem.  - Thanks.本现在真的气疯了Ben's really pissed off.- 他被气得弯腰驼背，气喘嘘嘘  - 我有吗？- He's massively got the hump.  - Have I?我只是告诉安迪让他去看看维纳斯农场I've just asked Andy to have a look at Winnards.我的挂了，不好意思I've got to go, I'm sorry.- 你是他妈的白痴吗？ - 你说什么？- Are you a fucking idiot?  - What?你没病吧？谁写电子邮件难道还不明显吗？就是安迪·科布这个废物Are you thick? Isn't it obvious who wrote that e-mail? That tosser Andy Cobb.- 安迪不会这么做的  - 让他在你的房子里过的那么惬意- Andy wouldn't do that.  - Making himself cozy in your house,到处用你的，可能还穿条你的短裤吧going through your stuff. Probably got a pair of your pants on.来打赌他把我的黑T恤划破了Bet it was him who nicked my black T-shirt.- 他肯定不会的  - 哦，真行，现在和他一伙了- Of course, he didn't.  - Oh, that's it, jumping to his defense.- 他根本就不可能这么做  - 老板，老板- He hasn't done anything.  - Boss. Boss.你要干嘛去？What are you doing?你知道佛兰有个小孩吧You know Fran's having a baby.她一直想来看看我，我都没同意，我看现在合适了She wanted to see me. I wasn't going to, but now,为什么不行呢？why not?来吧，老板，带你出去走走Come on, Boss, let's go for a crap.妈妈，塔玛拉就像个搅屎棍子，总是这样Come on, mom, she's just stirring shit. Tamara's always done that.- 是啊，但是那又如何？ - 你知道她是怎样的颠覆份子- Yes, but why?  - You know how subversive she is.她曾经给了我一个哈瑞王子的情人节礼物，我还很相信She once sent me a valentine from Prince Harry and I believed it.她有幽默感，但也惹了很多麻烦It's her sense of hum or. She likes causing trouble.过去在学校，一开学她就教我从小卖铺偷东西At school, she used to give us first-years tips on how to shoplift.她叫你怎么从小卖铺偷东西？She taught you how to shoplift?妈妈，他都要嫁给中士本了Mom, she's marrying Ben Sergeant.为什么还傻傻的像爸爸？Why would she look at an old git like Dad?我可没和你开玩笑Hmm. I just don't get the joke.为什么她会有你爸爸的邮件地址，还有安迪？And why is your father on the e-mail? And Andy?- 真是无聊  - 你能用这个帮帮我吗？- It's so tasteless.  - Help me out with these, would you?我不得不把我的工作重心放在塔利班分子上I have to work on my thesis on the Taliban.塔利班，我知道了Taliban, I know.你是怎么看塔玛拉发来的邮件的？What do you make of that e-mail from Tamara?没什么感觉Don't make any sense.我想是伦敦的男友想报复她一下呗That London boyfriend's trying to fuck her up. That's my theory.她可以做的更好She could do so much better.我才不这么理解呢I couldn't agree more.- 这是本啊  - “小孩的爸爸是谁”？- It's Ben.  - "Who's the Daddy?"斯蒂夫·易凯和弗兰·雷蒙德"Steve Culley and Fran Redmond进来宣布他们的美好愿望recently announced they were expecting.但在情人节约会最震惊的消息里，弗兰和前夫去拍了海报But in a valentine-tryst shocker, Fran is snapped with ex Ben Sergeant.本和佛兰，居然去“开房了”Ben and Fran, we say, 'Get a room."'- 他又回弗兰哪里了？ - 茱蒂，那可是在你发完邮件后- He's back with Fran?  - After you sent that e-mail, Jode.不可能，不可能No way. No way.整形鼻子回来了There's Plastic.- 天啊，我都做了什么？ - 你说你做了什么？- Oh, my God, what have I done?  - What have you done?如果本把她甩了怎么办？What if Ben's dumped her?如果本不回来那该怎么办？What if he never comes back?我再也看不到本了，全是我的错I'll never see Ben again and it's all my fault.- 你错什么了？ - 不管你的事- What's all your fault?  - None of your business.我看你病怏怏的像周末遇到了下雨天I'm bloody sick of you looking like a wet weekend.- 到底谁是本？ - 没谁- Who's Ben?  - No one.- 那你怎么了？ - 我没怎么- What have you done?  - Nothing.- 你有麻烦了？ - 没有让我一个人静静- You in trouble?  - No, leave me alone.茱蒂，你喜欢上男孩了You take care with boys, Jody.你知道那会发生什么You know what can happen.会发生什么啊？What can happen?这种地方究竟难发生什么啊？What can ever, ever happen in a place like this?你好，我以为你还在伦敦，和斯维普乐队的本在一起Hello. I thought you were in London with Ben from Swipe.- 我来找安迪  - 他已经不在斯通菲尔德农场了- I'm looking for Andy.  - Well, he's not up at Stonefield.你最刺激的享受也邀请我了？So where's this shag you've been offering me?- 闭嘴  - 行了，我都看到邮件了- Fuck off.  - Come on. I saw that e-mail.得了，我根本没发过Well, I didn't send it.就算你是世上最后一个冬天剩下的男人，我都不会邀请你的And I wouldn't shag you if you were the last man left after a nuclear winter.那明天三点我去拜访你吧？I'll come round tomorrow then, about 3?去死吧，自以为是的东西Drop dead, you smug prick.小心Watch out.对的，我将呆在图书馆里，一到两个小时吧Yeah, I'll... I'll probably stay at the library another hour or two.对Yeah.就是查一些法律报告Yeah, just checking some law reports.你真是奇怪You're a marvel.好的Okay.你好啊Hello.你要怎样So,尼古拉斯Nicholas.你可以让我离开You can tell me to leave.你可以立刻马上把我扔出去You can throw me right out.只要你说一句Just say the word,我立刻就走and I'll go.做完爱以后你抽烟吗？Do you smoke after sex?不知道，好像原来没有过I don't know, I've never looked.过去常常从我的窗子里看你I used to watch you out of my window,看你拉着你女儿在路上滑滑板helping your daughter skateboard up the lane.还是有点迷人的，不是吗？Bit of an obvious crush, wasn't it?这就是为什么我在这里？难道不是消除你的迷恋？Is that why I'm here? To expurgate the crush?我不知道I don't know.还是单纯的代替了你的前夫？Or as revenge on your ex?我不知道，尼古拉斯I don't know, Nicholas.你为什么在这里呢？Why are you here?这不是显而易见I should have thought that was obvious.自从你夏天爬上那梯子的时候，我就没有忘记过你Since you climbed over that stile in the summer,我根本就没有想太多I haven't thought about very much else.- 我们何时还能再来一次？ - 那贝丝呢？- When can we do this again?  - What about Beth?- 我和贝丝是公开的…  - 胡说- Beth and I have this kind of open...  - Bullshit.- 星期四吧？ - 这样难道不复杂吗？- Thursday?  - Isn't life complicated enough?别把我写到你的专栏里Don't put me in your column.你倒蛮会做梦的In your dreams.这种结构显得单调无味，不是吗？Structure can be so sterile, can't it?我总是在考虑第三章I always think of it as a 3-dimensional...- 哦  - 他不是来了嘛- Oh.  - Oh, here he is.哦，你也真是的，你回来早点？我一直担心你呢Oh, poor you. Was it awful? I was starting to worry.十足的担心啊，好了，像奇思维克，别动，看看这个Bloody terrible. Didn't move till well past Chiswick, but look.- 我去佛特南那里的买的  - 这可是我最喜欢的按摩机啊- I popped into Fortnum's.  - My favorite teas.我的天啊，我得赶紧给他充电，完了试试这伸缩牙刷Oh, my goodness, you feel like my buzzy toothbrush just after I've charged it up.- 你以后得多去几次伦敦哈  - 好的，当然会的- You should go to London more often.  - Well, maybe I will.各位对不住了，公车根本不走，那继续吧，我错过了什么没？Oh. Sorry, everybody. Traffic was a pig. Do carry on. What have I missed?我试着在第三段填上一点传奇现实主义的文字Well, I'm trying this magic realist bit at the end of Chapter 3.- 听起来蛮有新意的  - 哦，你是怎么觉得？- Oh. That sounds very innovative.  - Oh, you think so?是啊，我总是等这种…额，传奇现实犯罪的小说Yes. I think I've always been waiting for the, uh, magic realist crime novel.《呼啸山庄》，或者那种《北方天使》Wuthering Heights, it's kind of Angel of the North.电台停播两年后，我就联系了编辑So after two years of radio silence, I contact my editor,她爱…我的意思是她很爱这文章，我也是and she loves... I mean, she loves the chapters I did in the fall.噢，格伦Oh, Glen. Ha-ha.我试着在图书馆里写作I tried writing at the library但是又觉得力不从心，又开始走下坡路but I could feel that awful paralysis descending again.我错过了以前遇到的一切，于是我找到了这里I missed everything that I've been, you know, finding here.哦，我的天啊Oh, my God.太美了It's so beautiful.很高兴你能回来Well, I'm very glad you've come back.是啊，肯定会多待几周的Yeah, in a few solid weeks...吓我一跳！Holy cow!- 白痴！ - 哈哈- Idiots!  - Ha-ha.蠢货！Morons!哈哈Ha-ha.嘿，那就把这些鸡蛋装进垃圾袋吧Hey, writers, let's egg the self-regarding sacks of shit.他们这半个学期，好像很无聊It's half term, they're just bored.你知道嘛，据说哈代给他的妻子染上了性病There's this theory that Hardy gave his wife syphilis, you know.不明显，但是已经开始发作了，可怜的女人啊No evidence, but the symptoms fit. Poor woman,她开始变得很古怪，还把床搬到了顶楼she starts to get eccentric and then she moves her bed up to their attic.哪个王八蛋The bastard.哈代可是爱上了一个比他小三十九岁的女人Meanwhile, Hardy falls in love with a woman 39 years younger than him.- 真难以置信  - 他都六十五岁了，女的才二十六岁- I don't believe it.  - Yeah, he was 65 and she was 26.- 杰夫  - 是格伦- Geoff.  - Glen.- 亨利·詹姆斯？ - 托马斯·哈代- Henry James?  - Thomas Hardy.- 你说的是哈代的书  - 最近怎么样？- That's it, a Hardy book.  - Coming well?- 还不错  - 他可是给他的妻子染上性病了- Yes, actually.  - He gave his wife syphilis.这个玩笑蛮有意思Jolly good.哦，他…他完全心不在焉Oh, he... He's completely distracted.他老是来来回回跑伦敦He's up and down to London all the time.最近写的《英迟康博》的内容，好像什么都发生在他身上This latest Inchcombe's taking everything he's got.肯定有人勾引他It's really preying on him.哪里有什么好东西吗？我来是想换点东西Is it any good? Because I keep changing things- 还有…  - 嘘…- and...  - Shh.太有杀伤力的直白了It's brutally candid.你一个人完全赤裸的躺着You lay yourself completely bare.真是有点大胆的书风，需要有个好编辑，但是…It's a bit over-written. It needs a good edit, but, uh,非常感动it's very moving.谢谢你Thank you.然后呢So,那我来帮你把把关吧？have I done my duty?求之不得Admirably.那我就没点好处吗？Now do I get my treat?你真没出息You are so cheesy.已经压根两个月没看见过本了Zero Ben sightings in two whole months.上次看见整形女的时候，就觉得他很脆弱Last time I saw Plastic, she looked like a minger.流着鼻涕，哭红了眼睛All red-eyed and gutted.本背叛了爱情Ben's a love rat.她那么痴心，本还翻脸就不认人You gotta face it, she should move on.她现在可能已经没事了She's probably topped herself.- 就算本甩了我，我也会没事的  - 茱蒂，别这么说- I would, if Ben dumped me.  - Jode, don't say that.即使她努力又能怎么样呢？What if she's done something?就像洗热水澡一样用个烧红的项圈？Like got in the bath with her heated tongs?就应该给她一堆药，导致她倒地不起Like taken a stack of pills. Think she might be lying there,- 让她窒息，让她口吐白沫？ - 太极端了- all choked in vomit and drug froth?  - That'd be dire.要是我们找到她，我们一定登报，哦，我的天啊If we find her, we'll get in the papers. Oh, my God.把这个小女人蹂躏死在维纳斯农场Rock chick dead at Winnards Farm.安迪叔叔来这里干什么？What's Uncle Andy doing here?是那个蠢货Ass biscuits.别出声No answer.她这几天都在这里，天天在家淫乱，真恶心She could've been there days. She could be all putrid-like, rancid.哦，好了，别说了Oh, no, gonna chuck.- 肯定头脑发胀，看什么都是绿色  - 安迪叔叔问问就能找到她了- All bloated and all green y.  - Uncle Andy will find her by the smell.- 哦  - 嘘- Ugh.  - Shh.安迪Andy.- 胡说，她居然还活着  - 有一久没有看到你了- Oh, bollocks, she's alive.  - Haven't seen you for a while.你怎么看起来像病了，还是有什么事或者沮丧Thought you might be ill or something, or depressed.我一直低头写作呢I've had my head down, writing.出来喝点什么Come for a drink.- 放松一下吧  - 我很愿意去，但是…- Let's lighten up.  - I'd love to, but,我正在写东西I'm kind of on one with my writing, and...等我写完再一起去吧？Can we do it soon, though?我真的很想和你去，但是现在不行I really would like to. Just not right now.好吧Sure.他来这里干嘛？What is he doing here?他很少来这Oh, he just came by on the off-chance.很少吗？Off-chance of what?就是来检查一下屋顶Something about the roofing for the shed.- 你认为他有机会吗？ - 没有吧- Do you think he's in with a chance?  - No way.- 为什么没有？他蛮适合的，我支持他  - 茱蒂，他可是我叔叔- Why not? He's fit. I'd do him.  - Jody, he's my uncle.她找不到他时都要疯了，打赌他也喜欢着女的She'd be mad not to have him. Bet he goes like a train.走吧，我的短裤都湿了Let's go, my knickers are wet.等一下，等一下Wait, wait.哦，我的天啊Oh, my God.好了，快走吧Nicholas, go.“智力犯罪小说的多产作家”"Prolific author of intelligent crime novels."他妈的D清单，她和本好了，他怎么又能这样？Fucking D-list. How could she do that after Ben?- 他根本算不上什么名流  - 或许她想麻痹她的伤口- He's not even a proper celeb.  - Maybe she's numbing the pain.试着抚平原来的爱Trying to tear love...凯西，闭嘴吧，他简直就是个荡妇Oh, shut up, Case. She's just a slag.她怎么能和一个有婚男子有染She went out and pulled a married man.像那个勾引我爸爸的婊子一样Like that bitch that went off with my dad.我不知道我对不起谁I know who I feel sorry for.这样可能导致离婚太讽刺性了Then there'll be the divorce and acrimony,- 贝丝的生活肯定会土崩瓦解  - 是啊- and Beth's world will fall apart.  - Yeah.或许有一天她会怨恨她But maybe one day, she'll put the bitterness behind her,找一个新的爱人and find a new love.你笨啊，别发疯了，那时她早就老了Don't be daft. She's old, you sop.看？See?这可是D清单的车That's D-list's car.原来他把车藏在这里，偷偷去见贱人整形女This is where he hides his car when he goes to shag Plastic.这个蠢货，一坨屎Yeah. Dirty git. Big old turd.- 他简直有伤风化  - 真像我爸- He's a rotten cheater.  - Like my dad.来吧，凯西，让我们好好戏弄一下他Come on, Case. Let's fuck him up.真该死Shit salad.哦，你真可怜，快找个拖车Oh, poor you. What a drag.是啊，肯定是什么讨厌的人干的Yes, it's a frightful bore.那我晚点在做饭好了I'll hold off on the paella then.你真是贤妻良母，等会见You're a marvel. See you soon.那你…？Did you...?贝丝，我能借一下你的打印机吗？Beth, can I use the printer?尼古拉斯在高速路上把车胎弄爆了Nicholas is stuck on the motorway with a flat tire,我从来没听过这种事，是不是骗我呢but I couldn't hear traffic, just rooks.嗯Hmm.哦，对不起，你要让我读写什么吗？Sorry, um, did you want me to read something?不是，我能使用一下打印机吗？No. Can I use the printer?尼古拉斯，肯定有人知道了Nicholas, someone knows.- 或许我们应该…  - 谁会在乎？- Maybe we should...  - Who cares?凯西，快拍他们，快拍Casey, pop them. Pop them.他妈的成功了Fucking bingo.你好啊，凯西，最近好吗？你好Hello, Casey, how are you? Hello.- 还不错  - 等公车吗？- All right.  - Waiting for the bus?- 公车早就报废了  - 哦，对- Bus got scrapped.  - Oh, so it did.那就希望别下雨好了Well, hope it doesn't rain.- 看来她心神不宁  - 我也这么觉得- Gutted for her.  - Me too.她简直就像个肥婆，不是吗？Fat arse though, hasn't she?- 凯西，给她发照片  - 我不- Send her the photo, Case.  - I can't.- 为什么？ - 这样会毁了她生活的？- Why not?  - What if it ruins her life?我们明明知道，整形女就是个蠢货We gotta do something. Plastic's an idiot.- 她毁了本的生活  - 茱蒂，使我们毁了本的生活- She fucked it up with Ben.  - We fucked it up with Ben, Jode.事实上…It's like...我们应该把D清单营救回她的身边We've gotta rescue her from D-list.- 凯西  - 怎么了？- Casey.  - What?她又有本的电子邮件了，他们重新联系了She's back in touch with him. She's got an e-mail from Ben.“塔玛拉，弗兰的孩子已经出生了”"Tamara, Fran's baby has come."凯西，他说生了一个咖啡肤色、头发还卷卷的小女孩Case, he says it's a little brown girl with curly black hair.哦，太可爱了Oh, cute.我想我们能确保孩子不是我的，是斯蒂夫·尹楷的"I think we can safely say it's Steven Culley's, not mine.真的，我觉得释放了Truth is, I feel free.我再在巴黎待几天Gig in Paris for a few days.要是我回来，你还愿意养“老板”吗？If I bring him down, would you have Boss?"哇，是的，他要回来了Yes. Yes, he's coming back.- 你在干什么？ - 亲爱的本- What are you doing?  - Dear, Ben,我可是镇子里最爱狗的人了I have found a reliable dog lover in the village.- 谁啊？ - 请打电话给茱蒂- Who?  - Please call Jody,- 你不能发这个  - 电话是〇七七〇〇九〇〇九二九- You can't send that.  - on 07 700-900-929.- 我会让他回到这里的！ - 为了谁？为了你吗？- I'm getting him back down here!  - For who? You?- 为什么不能是我？ - 你疯了吗？- Why not me?  - Are you mental?- “最爱狗的人”？ - 你一定会制造一个大混乱的- "Reliable dog lover"?  - You're making a great big mess...我正在让什么事情发生！I'm making something happen!另外，我的生命就这样一天天过去Otherwise, my whole life will go by,我也会三十四岁，我也会像妈妈一样失去一切and I'll be 34 and washed up like my mom.没有一个正直的人真正、真正地疼我And no one decent will ever even have snogged me.如果你这么做了，你真的就一个人了If you do this, you're on your own.行了，闭嘴Fuck off, then.你个笨蛋You twat.这是活动纪念册，你正在做的这种兰松字幕There's the festival brochure. You're on in the Lanson marquee.我标记了一部分，方便你选读And, um, I've marked a few bits, in case you want to read.你真是太好了，亲爱的You're a marvel. Cheers.我都会陪着你左右的I could come with you.哦，不用了吧，你不是讨厌活动吗Oh, don't. You hate festivals.但是那里只有哈德森，我还是可以去的But it's only Hadditon. I'll come.它完全没意思，你肯定不喜欢的It'll be completely boring. You'll hate it.就呆在家里吧Stay here.哦Wow.过分，啊，真是的Wanker! Aah! Right.- 哈哈哈  - 写完了- Ha-ha-ha.  - Finished.我正在做庆功宴上面的糕点，你做的真不错I'm doing this cake in celebration. Well done.嗯，给哈代的吧Well, to Hardy.是啊，虽然我不能容忍一个这么对他妻子的男人Yeah, even though I can't bear the man for what he did to his wife.谢谢你了，安迪，放那边吧Oh, thanks, Andy. Just pop them over there.我怎么才能找出谁发这个给我的？How do I find out who sent this?这是一种“保留号码”It says "number withheld."你知道吗？Did you know?我不能告诉你I couldn't tell you.对不起，贝丝I'm sorry, Beth.她Her.哦，我的天啊Oh, my God.这真是…真是让人挺意外的Oh, this is just... This is just horrible.我的感觉是对的Right under my nose.- 这是在太过分了  - 天啊，我恶心- Oh, it's so shitty.  - God, I feel sick.真是太伤人了，你也不用太认真了So insulting. You do not deserve to be treated like this.你这么说，我会哭的If you're kind to me, I'll cry.但是我不能哭，我必须清醒And I don't want to cry, I must be very clear.那我能为你做什么呢If there's anything that I can do...我还是靠我自己吧I have to do it by myself.好了，贝丝，好了，别难过了Oh, come on. Come on, Beth. Come on.我要报复这种混乱的交往I trod in the sponge mix.茱蒂？我是本中士Jody? This is Ben Sergeant.是吗，太好了，我很爱狗Yeah, that's right. I love dogs.下午两点我来维纳斯农场看你Yeah, so I'll see you at Winnards Farm at 2:00.好啊，一言为定Yeah. Perfect.安迪Andy.嘿，你怎么了？Hey, how are you?我想你能否陪我出去喝点什么？I wondered if you wanted to go for that drink?- 我想要个朋友…  - 你和尼古拉斯·哈迪蒙特- I need a friend at the mo...  - You and Nicholas Hardiment.那有一份好工作，不是吗？That's a nice piece of work, isn't it?那是我站在他的立场上，他真是有点自欺欺人了I get it from his point of view. He's always been a cheating wanker.他有一个自己的蛋糕，可以去享受Loves having his cake and eating it.但是你的标准那么低吗？But since when did your standards drop so low?你可以和任何人上床You could have anyone.- 这是你自作自受  - 安迪- All you have to do is bat your eyes.  - Andy.我很在乎贝丝的感受，至少她在我人生低谷的时候帮助过我I care a lot about Beth. She helped me out when I was at rock bottom.我根本就没有想拆撒他们I'm not going to split them up.- 仅仅是…  - 真有点搞笑？- It's just...  - A bit of fun?这根本就不关你什么事情It's none of your bloody business.- 安迪·科布已经知道了  - 真是爱嚼舌头，他告诉贝丝了？- Andy Cobb knows.  - Cock pie. Has he told Beth?我不知道，肯能吧，但我也没责备他I don't know, but he might. And I wouldn't blame him.曾今我假设发生过这事I suppose it has to come out sometime.你假设什么？Does it?其实也是一件好事，感觉放松了，还能考虑It's a good thing. Feels like a relief. It means we can think about- 我们将来的计划  - 什么将来？- our plans for the future.  - What future?我知道对你来说很难分享我和贝丝I know it's been hard for you, sharing me with Beth.但是我是你的人了，我决定离开她But I'm yours now. I'm gonna leave her.哈迪蒙特先生，时间到了Mr. Hardiment. It's time.我想和你有个新生活I want a new life with you.妈妈，它是很漂亮的狗It's a nice dog, Mom.我可不想让狗毛和口水到处都是Well, I don't like having dog hair and slobber all over the place.但是我答应了But I said yes.我不养狗，绝不可能，就这么多No dogs, no way, and that's final.你个失败者，我讨厌你，你毁了我的生活！You loser, I hate you! You want to ruin my life!靠梦想生活，茱蒂Live the dream, Jody.现在所有运行还蛮顺利的Well, it all runs very smoothly.今年夏天准备再写一本书，出版要到来年春天I start a book in the summer and publish it the following spring.成了小型加工厂了，真的Bit of a factory, really.你已经完成了《像夜里》，其中描述了十七世纪英迟康博的那种冒险精神So you've finished Like The Night, which is the 1 7th of the Inchcombe adventures.我们假定你下一步正在准备And we all assume you're planning the next one already.是这样Well,我不打算再写下一部了there isn't gonna be a next one.- 不会吧  - 什么？- No.  - What?坦白讲，把英迟康博写死我会很难受的Frankly, I'm sick to death of Inchcombe.事实，我会把他写死的In fact, I'm about to kill him off.- 不  - 他不应该那么做- No.  - He can't do that.我觉得这场发布会Well, I think that's what we call in the trade,就是你给你的粉丝们一个爆炸性新闻a bit of a bombshell, for your fans here.是的，我想去一个新鲜的农场Yes, but I'm moving on to fresh pastures.不No.英迟康博这个人物不太好收场Inchcombe is about to meet a very sticky end,我还是愿意他是一个凶手收场and it's one murder I'm really looking forward to.现在我觉得观众们可以提几个问题Now, at this point, we should get some questions, I think.对，就是那个举手的女性And I'm... Yes, there's a lady over there.你写了很多通奸的故事，都来自你的经历吗？You write a lot about adultery, is that from personal experience?女士Madam,这真是一个好问题what a saucy question. Uh...但是作者的工作并不是在写自传But there's no need for an author's work to be autobiographical...那你为什么一直欺骗你的妻子？Why do you cheat persistently on your wife?这人是谁？Who's that?她容许我这样的Because she lets me.塔玛拉Tamara.- 要去哪？ - 尼古拉斯就到这停止吧- Where...?  - Nicholas, this has got to stop.你说得对，我不可能和她再好了，我欺骗了她You're right. I can't go on using her. Lying to her.我是认真的，但我已经这么做了It won't be fun but I've gotta do it.和贝丝生活索然无味，好多年我们都没有一起生活了I don't feel alive with Beth. I haven't been living for years.- 她像个隔氧层领我窒息  - 尼古拉斯，听我说- She's smothered me like a blanket.  - Nicholas, listen to me.这本来就是一场游戏，该结束了It was fun, but it's wrong and it's over.- 我真的爱上你了  - 对不起- I'm in love with you.  - I'm sorry.不No.不，不，不，你不能结束他，塔玛拉No. No. No. You can't end it. Tamara...- 他妈的晚餐！ - 你能小声点吗？- Fuck supper!  - Will you keep it down?- 我的天啊，你是冷血的吗  - 不，我不是- My God, you're cold-hearted.  - No, I'm not.- 你对事情没有感觉，不是吗？ - 我有，我有感觉- You don't feel a thing, do you?  - I do. I do feel.我喜欢在内心火辣辣的感觉I feel like I'm blazing away inside all the time.我为什么要做这些事呢？我都和你做了些什么？Why do I do these things? What am I doing with you?- 哪里还有谁，还有谁和你睡过？ - 哦，我的天啊- There's someone else, isn't there?  - Oh, for God's sake.- 不是那个自以为是的鼓手啊？ - 再见- Not the narcissist drummer?  - Goodbye.还是那个无知的笨蛋？It's that ignorant lunk, isn't it?那个肌肉僵直的笨蛋，安迪·科布That muscle-bound wastrel Andy Cobb.安迪·科布比你优秀多了Andy Cobb is a far better man than you.快去Go on.哈迪蒙特先生，能帮我签个名吗？想了很久让你签名Mr. Hardiment, will you sign this? Imagine getting him to sign.我很爱你的书I love your books.谢谢Thank you.有人吗？Hello?我是领狗的茱蒂·郎It's Jody Long about the dog.本？Ben?有人吗？Hello?本？Ben?本？Ben?你说话啊？Well, you gonna answer that?茱蒂，你在干什么，怎么不说话？Jody, what are you doing not fucking answering?本的狗在这里，它没套缰绳，本肯定已经去了维纳斯农场Ben's dog is here. It's loose. It means Ben must be up at Winnards.老板！Boss!你来看狗？Dog minder?你随便破门而入，乱发邮件，让大家不欢而散You've been breaking in, sending e-mails and fucking people off.- 你撕坏了我的黑色T恤？ - 我太想见到你了，就那一次- Did you nick my black T-shirt?  - I just wanted to meet you. Just once.- 仅仅想告诉你我的心里话  - 心里话？什么心里话？- Just to tell you stuff.  - Stuff? What stuff?比如我爱你Like, I love you.我真的真的爱你I really, really love you.听起来真好That's really nice.我过去常常因为你的到来而惊醒I used to lie awake thinking about you being here.在尤道村In Ewedown.觉得到处都很快乐In the bum-hole of nowhere.当你离开的时候，我忍受不了When you left, I couldn't bear it.我只想让你回来I just wanted to make you come back.你真的爱我吗，茱蒂？即便我把你锁起来？Do you still love me, Jody? Even though I wanna lock you up?那是你能为我做什么？What would you do for me then?你能像个普通的粉丝做一切吗？Would you do anything, like a proper fan?那我们拭目以待，好吗？Let's see then, shall we?我打赌这个婊子想要个孩子，可她会发现尼古拉斯根本没有生育能力I bet that bitch wants a baby. Well, she'll find out. Nicholas doesn't do children.他会把所有的东西都给她He'll leave it all up to her. Oh.- 只能让她变老  - 贝丝- That'll age her.  - Beth.假设他失去了父权？正和他们意，这群男人Suppose he discovers fatherhood? They do, these men.这都第二次了，他的婚外幸福Second time around, they get all nappy-happy.当我怀孕的时候我才二十岁I was barely 20 when I got pregnant.- 我从来没有想他这样  - 是啊，你从来没有过像这样的情况- I've never done anything. God.  - Yes, you have. Look at this place.我就让他这么戏弄我，为什么？为什么我这么做？I've let him walk all over me. Why? Why have I done that?我真是浪费生命I... I've wasted my life.不是啊，你不是在这里也工作了吗？No. What about the work you've done here?- 工作？ - 是啊- Work?  - Yes.就是养了一个色鬼？他妈的烤饼干？What, breeding goats? Baking fucking biscuits?真没意义！It's meaningless!贝丝Beth.当我写作迷茫的时候，你帮助我比你自己还多When I was lost with my book, you helped me more than you know.你问我这是写给谁You asked me who I was writing it for.这是写给你的You.打扰一下Excuse me.我能和我的妻子说几句话吗？May I speak with my wife?不，我不是你妻子No, you may not.贝丝，贝丝Beth. Beth.结束了It's over.我已经结束它I've finished it.是她勾引我的She's been chasing me.我想她可能神经错乱I think there's something unhinged about her.是一种错误的迷恋This wild crush.这是中士本那恶心的狗，滚出去，快点Ben Sergeant's bloody dog again. Go on, get out.滚回维纳斯农场那个妓女那去，快滚！Back to that tart at Winnards Farm. Go on. Bugger off!贝丝Beth.你知道我错了You know I'm sorry.我想让你离开，我想离婚I want you to leave. I want a divorce.不，你不会的，别开玩笑了No, you don't. Don't be ridiculous.你看，我不是在这里了吗Now, look... And I want this place.你不会的You can't.看着我，我会的Watch me. I will.就像这样，很好，在倒点，再来点，停，两块糖That's it, lovely. Keep it going, keep it going. Stop. Couple of sugars.搅匀Stir it.这杯茶还不错，还得谢谢你了，茱蒂That is a very good cup of tea. Which is lucky for you, Jody.不过它里面搅匀了欺骗Had it been shit,我会给一个当地极其胆小的警察打电话的I'd be on the phone to the extremely scary local cops right now.请别告诉我妈妈Please don't tell my mom.我知道你在这里很无聊，但是得有他妈的理由I know it's boring round here, but for fuck's sakes.我尽快出去I'm gonna get out soon as I can.去维加斯找个工作，当个赌场总管，或者一个巡航员I'm gonna work in Vegas as a croupier. Vegas or a cruise liner.目标很高啊，茱蒂，这是我说的，目标很高Aim high, Jody. That's what I say. Aim high.本？Ben?- 你已经被侵扰了  - 什么啊？- You've had an infestation.  - Of what?茱蒂Jody.嘿，格蕾丝！Hey, Greg!- 我和你说句话  - 我叫格伦，蠢驴- I want a word with you.  - It's Glen, ass hole.你他妈这个不光明正大的杂种You fucking devious bastard.我不不光明正大？我是个杂种？I'm devious? I'm a bastard?你认为我没有注意到你的一举一动？You think I haven't noticed you've been worming your way in?你老跟我妻子闪闪烁烁，一文不值的书呆子You keep your hands off my wife, you low-rent pedant.你说贝丝的还少吗？你这个十足的骗子You've abused Beth long enough with all of your god damn lies.滚出我家房子去I want you out of my house.- 是贝丝的，是她住的地方  - 他妈是我付的钱- It's Beth's. She made this place.  - And I fucking paid for it.我给了贝丝所有，你给她什么了？I've given Beth all this. What can you give her?- 我能给她诚实  - 你知道的那点东西- I can give her integrity.  - Obscure literary shit,还不值十文钱not worth 10 pence.你知道我的钱都用来幻想强奸和谋杀了You know, if I made my fortune fantasizing about rapes and murders,我太不骄傲了I wouldn't be so proud.- 你个白痴  - 你他妈的- You cretin.  - Fuck you.贝丝有他自己的感觉Beth will come to her senses.- 你需要钱来运转费尔斯通农场  - 我的比你的可是大多了- You need an income to run Stonefield.  - and mine's bigger than yours.起来啊，尼古拉斯，来啊，起来和我讨论成年男性Get up, Nicholas, come on. Let's talk about this like grown men.哦，我的天啊，尼古拉斯Oh, my God. Nicholas.尼…Nic...- 额  - 起来啊- Uh...  - Get up.尼古拉斯，起来啊Nicholas, get up.跑啊，快起来，快点啊Run. Come on. Get up.尼古拉斯，尼古拉斯Nicholas. Nicholas.是你吗？It was you?是你发了这些邮件吗？It was you who sent the e-mail?茱蒂解释她做这些都是我因为爱我Jody's explained that she did it out of a deep love for me.- 泰蜜  - 本- Tammy.  - Ben.我想你应该把这个拿回去I think you should have this back.对不起I'm sorry.茱蒂，这狗！Jody! The dog!打死他，这个畜生Got him. The beast. Hm.尼古拉斯Nicholas.哦，天啊，尼古拉斯God. Oh, God. Nicholas.婊子，厚颜无耻Bitch. Brazen.- 太不要脸了你  - 贝丝- Brazen.  - Beth.- 你太无耻了  - 贝丝，别看！求你了，别看！- That is brazen.  - Beth, don't look! Please, don't look!尼古拉斯？！Nicholas?!不！No!不，你不能看他，他已经面目全非了No, but you can see it. It's broken. It's smashed.不，我没有，但是很明显No, I haven't, but it's obvious.对，他的妻子，是的她是Yes, his wife. Yes, she is.谢谢你，谢谢你，我会的Thank you. Thank you, I will.他们在路上了They're on their way.贝丝，救援马上就到Beth, help is coming.啊！Aah!它坏了It's broken.塔玛拉Tamara.听着Listen.对不起I'm sorry.好了Come on.你内疚了？Are you blaming yourself?都过去了It was an accident.我们回斯通菲尔德农场吧I'd better get back up to Stonefield.和我在一起，我们重新开始Come with me. We'll get this sorted.那你还是找你的本一起回伦敦吧Then get Ben to take you back to London.我根本就不是去找什么本I don't want to be with Ben.赶紧把这个放在后位上Put it on the back seat right here.你在干什么？What are you doing?你知道，我是说我现在离开最好不过了I figured it was best, you know, that I take off.这地方根本不需要作家She doesn't want writers around the place now.警察，验尸，都不适合我And police, autopsies, not my thing.- 你不需要离开的  - 我没有离开- You can't run away.  - I'm not running away.我去完成我的书，写好了通知大家I've finished my book. My time here is up. Destiny calls.- 贝丝正在找你呢  - 真的吗？- Beth is asking for you.  - Really?她一个人在哪里She's on her own over there.他也不想这个地方有作家Glen, she doesn't need a writer around the place,她需要一个男人she needs a man.对不起I'm so sorry.是我的错，我让狗跑了的It was my fault. I let the dog go.- 不，不是的  - 我把它赶跑的- No. No.  - I shooed him away.警察说这是一场事故，但是要是我能抓住他，我一定不会放过The police said it was an accident, but if I'd caught him, tied him up...好了，这根本就不是你的错No, it wasn't your fault.我不理解尼古拉斯为什么会在那里？What I don't understand is why was Nicholas in that field anyway?当牛来的时候，他总说讨厌牛He hated cows. And when he saw them coming,- 可为什么又会出现在那？ - 贝丝，我想和你说说话- why didn't he get out of their way...?  - Beth, I have to tell you that...你生活在这个国度You live in the country.你应该明白，就算凶猛的野兽You share it with those dangerous beasts,当他们受到惊吓时，也会四散逃窜and when they get scared, they run.正如我们一样Like we do.哦，格伦Oh, Glen.和我在一起Stay with me.- 你这样子蛮合适的么  - 不许你说- Kind of suits you.  - Don't say anything.我还是喜欢原先的I always did like the old one.- 这就是你的目的啊，是吗？ - 什么？- You did it on purpose, didn't you?  - What?让这个地方变得如此美丽，使我舍不得离开Made this place so beautiful I'd never be able to leave.我真恨不得把你开除出去Been dying to get rid of you.这是我的房子This is my house.- 我出生在这里  - 原来可是你的- I was born in that room.  - So you were.欢迎回家Welcome home.“拍我，拍我”Pap-pap me.“什么”？What?“拍我，拍我”Pap-pap me.塔玛拉·德鲁双语合成｜天外生物感谢原字幕制作者