"迷眼" 前情提要...Previously on "Shut Eye"...有個古老的傳統There's an ancient tradition.一家之主The master of the house會允許一個忠實的僕人買下自己的自由would allow a faithful servant to buy his freedom.你出多少錢How much are we talking about?五萬塊應該合理$50,000 should be reasonable.十萬$100,000.我不要這種情況出現在我店裏I don't want this in my shop.方索有告訴你 他的上一個電話銀行Fonso tell you his last phone bank was raided被洛杉磯警方專案組突襲了嗎by the LAPD Task Force?我的天 媽媽Jesus, Mom.來幹活Get to work.快點Come on.媽的 查理 你他媽快點Damn it, Charlie. Hurry the fuck up.我聽到一個聲音 吉娜I'm hearing a voice. Gina.他看了我們的郵件 他還做了背景調查He reads our e-mails, and he does a background check.那他怎麼知道吉娜的事How could he have known about Gina?你在掠奪我妻子You're preying on my wife.琳達正努力讓自己敞開心扉Linda is working very hard to open herself up讓自己絕對真誠to radical honesty.你為什麼想失敗Why do you want to fail?我不知道 你為什麼不問問你朋友...I don't know. Why don't you ask your friend...媽的 查理 你他媽快點Damn it, Charlie. Hurry the fuck up.我想感受你的牙齒觸碰我的皮膚I want to feel your teeth on my skin.我那時夠強了 能保管好那些錢I was man enough to keep the money.準備Jun-Bi!你闖禍了You fucked up.你也是So did you.又睡不著了嗎Couldn't sleep again?也不是 只是換個地方睡Not really. Just needed a change of venue.你懂的You know how it is.我很瞭解I do, indeed.給你Here you go.你先估一下咖啡豆的量的話If you weigh the beans first,就能更好控制煮出來的濃度了it's much easier to control the strength of the brew.爸 媽 看我Mom, Dad, check this out.不錯嘛 小伙子Not bad, kiddo.他也在練習塔羅牌呢And he's been practicing his Tarot, too.真的啊Really?當然 我還給我爸算過一次呢Yeah, I even, uh, read Dad the other day.牌上怎麼說What'd the cards say?你不會想知道的You don't want to know.-該出門了  -我開車送你- Better get going. - Yeah, I'll drive you.好的All right.你好啊Hey, you.噢 很好00's good.沒錯Right.回頭見I'll be seeing you.又去徒步嗎Another hike?明天Tomorrow.又是諾婭Nora again?對我的日程安排也要像對咖啡那樣指手畫腳嗎You remaking my itinerary the way you're remaking my coffee?我不是那個意思I didn't mean it like that.只是個暗示It's just indicative.暗示什麼Indicative of what?我們回來以後你的總體情緒Your general mood since we got back.我們週末的"平靜與真實"之旅嗎From our weekend of peace and truth?沒錯 過去一個月裏 你有些不一樣Yeah. This last month, you just haven't been quite the same.這就對了啊Which was the point.沒錯Right.咱們找時間聊聊We can talk about it later.不 我很高興現在就聊聊No, I'm happy to talk about it now.我跟諾婭在一起Why does it bother you so much你怎麼就那麼不高興that I've been spending time with Nora?不知道 對我來說 她只是懷特醫生I don't know. To me, she'll always be Dr. White.就是有些奇怪So it's just a little weird.說實話 她現在是我的精神調節師Honestly, she's become my spiritual tune-up coach.精神調節師Spiritual tune-up coach?帕斯的主意 就像互助對像一樣Paz's idea. It's like an AA sponsor.噢 或許她能幫你提高煮咖啡的技能呢Oh. Maybe she can coach you into making decent coffee.媽媽 咱們快遲到了Hey, Mom. We're gonna be late.我也愛你Love you, too.過得開心Have a good day.-再見 爸爸  -再見 兒子- Bye, Dad. - Bye, son.換新車了啊These the new wheels?五星安全等級Five-star safety rating,同級別裏三年被評為最佳voted best in its class three years running.想當初 咱們剛買下這裏時And to think, when we first bought this place,你剛被驅逐日子過得那叫一個慘you had just been banished and your life was in the shitter.咸魚翻身了 兄弟You've turned things around, amigo.沒錯Si.有志者 事竟成As you think, so shall you become.李小龍說的Bruce Lee said that.不管他了 咱倆有的忙呢Fuck him. You and I got a busy morning.要檢查殘疾人車位 新的消防規範We got to go over the handicap parking, the new fire code,還得搞定那開當鋪的倒霉玩意兒and we got to deal with this cocksucker pawnshop guy.他說不修好電話線就不付房租He's refusing to pay his rent until we fix his phone line.就從他開始吧Let's start with him.可不能讓他打給電話公司啊[兩人在商店街合開了電話詐騙組織]We don't want him calling the phone company.這不是阿呆與阿瓜嗎Well, if it isn't Tweedledee and Tweedledum.早上好 鮑勃Good morning, Bob.你得叫我凱勁先生 小子You call me Mr. Caygeon, boy.是的 凱勁先生Yes, sir, Mr. Caygeon.這還差不多That's more like it.聽見了嗎You hear that?你聽不見No, you don't.因為除了靜電聲什麼都沒有Because there's nothing on there but static.自從你們兩個弱智接管了這裏Ever since you two fucktards took charge,這電話就他媽沒再響過the phones haven't worked for shit.隨你們怎麼說 我覺得我被騙了Now, call me crazy, but I think I'm being gypped.也難怪 誰讓這裏被骯髒的吉普賽人Not surprising, considering there's a filthy gypsy接管了呢running the joint.請叫我們羅姆人We prefer the term Romani.我他媽才不管你們希望別人怎麼叫你們呢Well, I don't give a fat flying fuck what you prefer.我就想趕緊把這破電話修好I want my goddamn phone fixed!還有幾個租戶也有過電話問題Several other tenants have had telecommunication issues.放心吧 一定給你免費解決Rest assured this'll be resolved at no cost to you.-我認識個人...  -我要美國人- I got a guy who... - I want an American.不要什麼從圍牆翻過來的狗屁不通的蠢貨[此處暗諷愛德華多是墨西哥人]Not some fence-fairy who doesn't know his head from his asshole.我們會讓... 一切恢復正常的We will make... everything right.我保證I promise.這個月的房租給你打個折怎麼樣How about a discount on this month's rent, hmm?別想再拿我當猴耍Don't even think about trying to fuck with me.惹急了我可有你們好看You don't want to see me when I'm cross.趕緊從我店裏滾出去吧Now get the hell out of my shop.祝你愉快Have a nice day.我真想殺了這王八蛋I'm gonna kill that motherfucker.冷靜點兒Calm down.你沒聽見他嘴裏都噴的是什麼糞嗎Did you hear the shit that was coming out of his mouth?他可是付了錢的租戶Well, he's a paying tenant.他是個種族歧視的混蛋He's a racist pig.我他媽就應該回去把他腦袋擰下來I should go back in there and rip his fucking head off.對那些沒能力改變的人One cannot be angry with those who have not無需發火the capacity for change.還來李小龍的屁話嗎More Bruce Lee shit?往長遠了看Look at the big picture.咱們現在是合法生意了We're legit businessmen now.確定嗎You sure?我可是分分鐘就能把這爛事剷平的'Cause I could get rid of this sick fuck real quick.給我個和平解決的機會Give me a chance to mediate this.我不僅嘴上說說 還要身體力行If I'm gonna talk the talk, I need to walk the walk.真要刮目相看了All part of the new you, huh?我去調解Mediation.好吧Okay.這混蛋交給你了You deal with this fucker.我忍住了不說話 行吧And I'll bite my tongue, all right?-準備  -好吧- Jun-Bi. - Yeah.不會讓你失望的I won't let you down.你遲到了You're late.405公路堵車 我也沒辦法Traffic on the 405. There's nothing I can do.走塞普維達 那兒從來不堵Take Sepulveda. It's always moving.你的番茄長得不錯呀Your tomatoes are coming in so nicely.我一直在等著你I've been waiting and waiting給我些關於長老會的信息for you to give me some information on the Council.說實話 你什麼都沒跟我說Honestly, you've given me nothing.我的證據夠硬才能撐起案子My case is only as good as my evidence,而我的證據要依靠我的線人which is only as good as my informant.我給你拿了這麼多白托尼的文件I got you all this paper from White Tony's files那些不是我提起訴訟需要的證據Which are not the smoking gun I need to bring charges.我覺得你在拖延時間I think you're stalling.你讓我做的事我都做了I've done everything you've asked me.麗塔 你沒明白這是怎麼運作的Rita, you're not seeing how this plays out.那就告訴我Well, then enlighten me.我需要照片 日期 和名字I need photos, dates, and names.你現在必須給我些信息You've got to bring me something now.如果沒有 我唯一能跟部裏匯報的就是If not, the only thing that I have to offer the department你... 和你的孫女is you... and your granddaughter.她嫁給了蘭科犯罪家族的頭領She's married to the head of the Ranko crime family.理論上來說 她可以全身而退In theory, she could walk away from all this.可你真的想冒險讓她脫不了身嗎But do you really want to take the chance that she doesn't?我的個人電話My private number.你認真起來的時候打給我Call me when you get serious.嗨 查理 差點忘了Oh, hey, Charlie, I almost forgot.你有個顧客取消了You had a cancellation.馬蒂現在每隔一周才來Marty is now coming every other week.他說為什麼了嗎Did he say why?好像是為了什麼靈修會要存錢Something about saving money to go to some retreat.謝了Thanks.這下好了Great.生意有點冷清啊Business looks a little quiet.如果是收租的事 我已經付給愛德華多了If you're here about the rent, I've already paid Eduardo.我知道 租金沒問題I know. We're good.我想向我的房東提出投訴Good. I would like to lodge a complaint with my landlord.什麼What?你們可疑的呼叫中心影響了我的電話線路Your shady call center is fucking with my phone lines.我會叫人修好的I'll get our guy straight on it.謝謝你Thank you.不過我需要你幫個忙But I need you to do something for me.你是在要求我做 還是在求我做Are you telling me, or are you asking me?求Asking.就是個小忙Just one little favor.看在我的面子上For me.合夥人Partner?真是大開眼界That was really, really eye-opening.謝謝你Thank you.我只是幫你找到真相的媒介罷了I am just a conduit to your own truth.下周見 琳達See you next week, Linda.當然Oh, you bet.突然拜訪實在不好意思 可你們的招牌亮著Sorry to drop in unannounced, but your sign was on.沒事 你來做什麼No worries. What brings you to town?探索一些商業機會Exploring several business opportunities.當我在訂單上看到你的名字的時候When I saw your name on the order,就想著我應該親自來送貨I thought I would drop it by myself.感謝你親自來送Oh, well, I appreciate the personal delivery.看看裏面都有些什麼Let's see what we got.查理今天沒工作嗎Is Charlie not working today?不在這 我們開了另一家店Well, not here. We've opened another parlor.他大多數時間都在那兒He's there most days.哇 夫妻店啊Ah! His and hers.查理對你們之間的平等怎麼看How is our Charlie handling all this... equity?我不太確定你的意思I'm not sure I know what you mean.你肯定知道Oh, I think you do.帕斯怎麼樣How's Paz?他對查理很好奇He's curious. About Charlie.你也是So are you.的確是的Yes, indeed.我對你和查理都很好奇I am curious about your Charlie.他和帕斯看來相處不和He and Paz didn't seem to click,老實說 他過了個很糟糕的週末and, well, frankly, he had an awful weekend.而我不喜歡有不滿意的顧客And I don't like having an unsatisfied customer.-真的嗎  -真的- Really? - Really.-你的店在哪裏  -一個破爛的商業街上- Where's your store? - A shitty strip mall.在東區East Valley.我一直想看看東區裏I have always wanted to see a shitty strip mall破爛的商業街in the East Valley.謝謝你Thank you.下次先打電話Call first.我會的Will do.1100 1200...$1,100, $1,200...1350$1,350.很好Well done.你的數學好多了 是時候扔下計算器了Your math is getting better. Time to ditch the calculator.去你爸辦公室把賬算完Finish up in your father's office.-我馬上就好  -現在就去- I'm almost done. - Now, please.我們之前說好的事呢So, what about our other arrangement?我最近現金有點緊I've run into a bit of a cash-flow problem.我的新店需要花錢Expenses at my new shop.方索的新店Fonso's new shop.當然Of course.我們之間的秘密Our little secret.宜早不宜遲Sooner rather than later.還有別的事There's something else.方索有個請求A request from Fonso.要轉達他的母親For his mother.絕對不行Absolutely not!真的很神奇 他改變了It's remarkable. He's changed.-哦  -方索在幹什麼賺錢呢- Ohh! - What's Fonso doing for money?他在投資房地產和其他一些大產業He's an investor in real estate and other major concerns.我不會去求長老會I am not going to ask the Council召開決議會考慮讓他回來to call a kris to consider his return.那傳統怎麼辦What about tradition?奶奶 你說過我們只有傳統Grandma, you said tradition is all we have.娜娜沒有父親也是傳統嗎Is it tradition that LaLa not have a father?我沒有父親也是嗎That I don't?好吧Okay, okay.我在傾聽呢I am listening.我在傾聽呢I'm listening!有人嗎Anyone?!原來你在這兒There you are.不關我事 馬克思夫人None of my business, Ms. Marks.你找到了Oh, you found it.費我老勁了Yeah, it was a bitch想找個半夜三點開門的店 不過我找到了to find a place open at 3:00 in the morning, but here it is.-謝謝你 莎倫  -沒事- Thank you, Sharon. - Hm.說實話 我從沒想過我能和You know, I never thought I could feel like a friend你... 這樣的人做朋友to somebody... of your type.來自非洲From Africa.我不是非洲的 我是美國人I'm not from Africa. I'm from America.一樣 你知道我什麼意思Whatever. You know what I mean.我也沒想過和吉普賽人能做朋友Hmm. I never thought I could be cool with a Gypsy.哦 不 我們管自己叫羅姆人Oh, no, we call ourselves Romani.坐吧Sit down. Sit down.和我喝一杯 來吧Have a drink with me. Come on.你母親怎麼樣了How's your mother?化療太難過了Chemo is hell.不過她是個鬥士But, uh, she's a fighter.-太好了  -是的- That's good to hear. - Mm-hmm.你兒子呢What about your son?馬庫斯 對嗎Marcus, is it?在大學裏是他們班級前十呢Yeah, top 10 in his class in college.你一定很為他驕傲You must be very proud of him.上帝知道我這輩子Good Lord knows that I've screwed up搞砸了很多事more than a few things in my life,但馬庫斯絕對不是其中之一but, uh, Marcus isn't one of them.好 敬馬庫斯Here. To Marcus.我也希望能以我的兒子為驕傲I wish I could be proud of my son.可方索太感情用事But Fonso is driven by emotions.就像他爸一樣Just like his father was.甚至更糟Oh, worse.方索簡直是個災難Fonso's a disaster.他不是一直都這樣 至少在他妻子去世前It wasn't always like this, you know, before his wife died.以前他體貼溫暖At times, he was considerate and warm,可現在他太自我 又容易發火...but now he's all ego and anger and...人會變的Hm. Um, people change.有時候 人也會變回來And sometimes they can change back.是啊Yeah.變回老樣子Change back to old tricks.我能信任你嗎 莎倫Can I trust you, Sharon?在沒有人相信我時 你相信我You put your faith in me when nobody else would.我的過去成了牢不可破的紐帶And where I come from, that is an unbreakable bond.我的家族強敵環伺My family is surrounded by enemies.目前為止 我確實是快人一步So far, I was able to be a step ahead.可是卻要做出一些艱難抉擇But I had to make very difficult choices,一切都是為了保護我的家族all to protect my family.-你懂我的意思  -呃- You know what I mean. - Mm-hmm.我要你為我做一件危險的事I need you to do something dangerous for me.你就儘管告訴我時間地點 其餘的交給我就好了You just tell me where and when, and I'll take care of it.你沒回我的電話You didn't return my calls.一定是有人侵入了我的電話Someone must have hacked into my phone把所有的信息都清除了and erased all my messages.我們的老朋友帕斯怎麼樣了How's our old friend Paz?你沒有希望他生病 對吧You haven't wished any ill on him, have you?我很不願意把這事算到你頭上I would hate for that to be on your conscience.為什麼 發生了什麼事Why? What's happened?帕斯為了找尋自我 迷戀上了心靈旅行Paz has gone on a spiritual walkabout to find himself.他偶爾會這樣做He does this from time to time但一般不會去這麼久but never normally for this long.我聽上去怎麼覺得你的上師是個怪人呢Sounds to me like your guru's a bit of a flake.你沒有完全說錯You're not entirely wrong.我不是第一個去尋找具有超凡能力的怪人I'm hardly the first person to find a charismatic flake然後將他們轉變成一門有利可圖的生意的人and transform them into a lucrative business.那是你在麥迪遜大街張貼虛假廣告Was that before or after you were drummed out被轟走之前還是之後of Madison Avenue for false advertising?看來有人做了功課啊Someone's been doing their homework.我是在學你I took a page out of your book.我就是他媽的 "尤利西斯"My book is fucking "Ulysses."你還有很多要學的Plenty of pages to spare.從頭一兩天開始 我就在絞盡腦汁地想For the first day or so, I was racking my brain你和帕斯的騙局為什麼會成功trying to figure out how you and Paz pull off your con.然後我發覺...And then I realized......帕斯並沒有參與...Paz isn't in on it.實際上他認為自己有通靈天賦He actually believes he has a mystical gift,就是說你才是唯一的行騙高手which means the only con artist is you.我認為我們的背景調查I like to think that our background checks,竊取電話信息 這些手法你都很清楚our phone-data theft, of which you are well aware,這些資料有助於帶給客戶新的視界help bring our clients new insight.哦 自認為有理的罪行辯護啊Ah, the justification of misdeeds.我現在是在學你嗎Am I taking a page out of your book now?你想知道我為什麼要張貼虛假廣告嗎Do you want to know why I had to make false-advertising claims?為了安撫一個客戶To appease a client.因為每個客戶都想要你承諾Because every client wants you to promise that their product他們的產品會解決所有消費者的問題will solve all their consumers' problems.然而這是不可能的But it can't.一支牙膏並不能填補一個空洞的靈魂A tube of toothpaste cannot fill the hole in someone's soul.可是一位上師卻可以But a guru can.一位好的上師A good one.他可以立刻解讀一個房間的人One who can cold-read a room in the blink of an eye.他具有自然的親和力Has a natural affinity with people和一定的道德靈活性and carries a certain moral flexibility不同於我自己的上師not unlike my own.哈Huh.我受寵若驚啊I'm flattered.可是不用了 謝謝But, no, thanks.去找別的傻瓜操縱吧Find some other sucker you can try to manipulate.我要找的不是傻瓜I'm not looking for a sucker.我要找的是合夥人I'm looking for a partner.我以前做過很多不靠譜的合夥I've made some dubious partnerships in my life.你有非凡的才能 哈弗福德先生You have a singular talent, Mr. Haverford.你把它浪費在這裏真的太可惜了It is a shame you are going to waste it here.抱歉Sorry.我不是誰的產品I'm nobody's product.你寧願在這個寒磣的商店裏You would rather fail in this shitty mall應付那些無力支付你服務的客戶with clients who cannot afford your services也不願有偉大的建樹嗎than reach for the stars?我確定我不用再提醒你I'm sure I do not have to remind you帕斯靈修中心的票面價格了吧the price on a ticket to one of Paz's retreats.這是給你改變主意時用的For when you change your mind.是時候進入 "查理是怎麼了"It is time for another episode的下一段了of "What's Happening With Charlie?"所以 他還失眠嗎So, he's still experiencing insomnia?呃 他說沒有了 可是我看到了一些跡象Well, not if you ask him. But I'm seeing all the signs.儘管我不願意這樣說 但是自從我們復合以後I mean, ever since we got back, and I hate to say it,他就有點不正常了but he is actually kind of normal.-那還挺可怕的  -是有點兒- That's terrifying. - It kind of is.聽我說Here's the thing.查理總是小心謹慎地把握機會You know, Charlie always plays his cards close to the vest.呃 我們聊一下維加斯吧Hmm. A little Vegas talk.好吧 你去過嗎Yeah. Ever been?沒有No.真的嗎Really?我一定要帶你去I'll have to take you.聽起來有點兒童不宜啊Doesn't sound very kid-friendly.啊Ah.我去的那個年代確實兒童不宜Back in my day, it wasn't,可他媽的現在就像在荒漠裏修了一座迪士尼樂園but now it's like fucking Disneyland in the desert.我知道你之前感覺他把你拒之門外Well, I know you feel like he's shut you out in the past.問題是 他過去總會讓我瞭解一些情況Well, the thing is, he's always given me a peek at the cards,可是現在我甚至感覺都不認識他了but now it's like I don't even know who he is.我前男友也有點兒那樣Well, my ex was a bit like that.我想這就是我們分手的原因之一吧I suppose it's one of the reasons we split up.我不是暗示你們會分手... 抱歉I don't mean to imply that you're gonna - - Sorry.沒事 不要緊No, no, no. Please.我們並沒有分手因為I mean, the fact that we haven't split up - -我認為我們打算永遠在一起I think we're in it for the long haul.那很好 這話我聽著挺開心That's good. That makes me happy.你從未提過你的前任You never talk about your ex.啊 沒什麼可聊的Eh, not much to talk about.兩個人的關係很複雜Relationships are complicated.是啊 這是句實話Yeah, no shit.-唷  -我知道- Whew! - I know.你要幹什麼What do you want?膝蓋還好嗎How's the knee?好多了 謝謝關心Better. Thanks for asking.馬克思夫人讓我給你捎句話Well, Mrs. Marks has a message for you.她還沒有代表你和理事會談過She hasn't talked to the Council on your behalf,但是她改變了心意but she has had a change of heart想要娜娜回到她的道場and wants LaLa to come back to her dojo作為善意的表示as a sign of good faith.什麼時候When?-爸爸  -寶貝- Daddy! - Ah, baby!噢Ohh!嘿 小可愛Hey, sweetheart!歡迎回來Welcome back!德林娜Drina.我去散個步I'm going for a walk.謝謝Thanks.-嘿  -嘿- Hey. - Hey.嗨 你在你爸爸的商場閒逛還是...Hi. You just hanging out at your dad's mall, or...我算是在躲我邪惡的繼母吧Um, more like hiding from my evil mother-in-law,她星期一要帶我去一所新的學校報道who's making me go to a new school on Monday那裏我一個人也不認識where I don't know anyone.哪所學校Oh, which school?米爾伍德Muirwood.噢 你至少認識一個人Well, at least you'll know someone.噢 操 抱歉Oh. Shit. I'm sorry.不 不 沒事 沒關係No, no, no, it's fine. It's fine.你在我爸爸的商場工作嗎Uh, you working at my dad's mall?我在我爸爸的新店打雜Uh, I'm helping my dad with his new shop.我猜一下 你也是靈媒Let me guess. You're a psychic, too?我只是隨便玩玩而已Well, I'm just goofing around.如果你喜歡 我可以為你免費算一卦I can give you a free reading, if you'd like that.太對了 你不是Goddamn right you're not.我知道你一定是瘋了I know you must be out your mind!你連電話都修不好You couldn't fix a phone if your sad,還怎麼指望它養活你凄慘可悲的生活pathetic life depended on it!在我叫警察之前 趕快帶上你的黑屁股滾出去Now get your black ass out of here before I call the cops!瘋子老雜種Crazy old bastard!嘿 你碰到它就得買下來Hey, you touch it, you bought it.一定要拿到驗證碼Make sure you get the security code.雖然我不是巴菲特 但是做生意還是簡單啊I'm no Warren Buffet, but business looks good to me.房客付租Tenants are paying their rent.走運的話 狗雜種鮑勃·凱勁不會交And with any luck, Bob Fucking Caygeon won't.那樣我們就可以合法地驅逐那個可憐的種族主義混蛋了Then we can legally evict that miserable, racist cocksucker.是啊Yeah.他是個老混蛋He's an old fuck.這是一個世代的問題It's a generational thing.那也不正確啊Don't make it right, though.不要教老狗新把戲 知道嗎[因循守舊的人很難接受新事物]Can't teach an old dog new tricks, you know?他就是那個老狗And he is an old dog.對Mm-hmm.咱們慶祝慶祝It's time to celebrate.我想你是要...I thought you were laying off the, uh...我又要當爸爸了Nah. I get to be a dad again.媽媽讓娜娜回來道場了Ma is letting LaLa come back to our dojo.你媽媽Your mother?老兄 她就是個披著羊皮的狼Man, she's a shark in a fancy black pantsuit.不能相信她You can't trust her.可是我的小寶貝要回來了Hey, I'm getting my littlest lady back.善緣找上我 所以我要把它傳遞出去Karma's working for me, so I'm paying it forward.是時候做一個更好的人了Time to be a better man.我的話過分了I overstepped.請接受我的歉意Please accept my apology.你啟發了我 方索You inspire me, Fonso.祝我們的新生活 祝更好的自己To new beginnings and being better men.更好的自己Better men.我想問 "你在傾聽嗎"I could ask, "Are you listening?"不是更應該問"你是認真的嗎"but what seems more appropriate is, "Are you serious?"通過封面來判斷一本書的好壞之前 應該先讀完它You should read a book before judging it by its cover.它的表面是什麼And what a cover it is.你把書賣給我們的客戶嗎You selling them to our clients?是我的客戶My clients.如果他們感興趣的話 那麼 好吧If they're interested, then, yes.利潤多少How much you marking them up?賺6成 很公道A healthy 60%.這兒有一個我瞭解也深愛的女人There's the woman I know and love.如果你願意我可以少賣點I could do less if you prefer.我在想只賺6成是否合理I was thinking that 60% was actually reasonable.8成怎麼樣How about 80%?你能不能操心自己的生意 不要管我的生意 好嗎How about you run your shop, I'll run mine?抱歉I'm sorry.我沒有生氣 我只是...I'm not mad. I'm just...我很焦慮 查理I'm worried, Charlie.我只希望你可以和我傾訴I just wish you'd tell me what's going on.它們消失了They're gone.什麼What?幻象消失了They're gone.消失了嗎They're gone?是的Yeah.你的幻象嗎Your vision things?好幾周都沒有看到過了I haven't had one in weeks.從我們回來後嗎Since the retreat?呃 也許 是的Uh, maybe, I guess.見了帕斯之後嗎Since Paz?呃 我也不太確定Um, I can't be that sure.過來Come here.他在哪Where is he?誰 帕斯嗎Who? Paz?你知道我說的誰You know who.想親手了結一切嗎Want to do the honors?我想它希望你來做I think he'd want you to.這是馬泰奧的Mateo's.真為他驕傲I'm so proud of him.老師說像娜娜這種年紀The instructor said that it's rare能拿到全部帶位很少見for someone LaLa's age to skip an entire belt.她從未停止讓我吃驚She never ceases to amaze.馬泰奧的媽媽卻不認同他Mateo's mother's uncoordinated.-你說什麼  -沒什麼- What's that? - Nothing.我接個電話Excuse me.準備Jun-Bi.你好Hello?凱勁先生Mr. Caygeon.是的先生 我 -  - 我直接過來Yes, sir, I'll - - I'll come straight over.我來看看 是的 馬上就來I'll take a look. Yep, right now.凱勁的電話信號還是那麼爛Caygeon's land line's still fucked.方索Fonso.我去吧I'll get it.昨晚關於做更好的自己的談話啟發了我All that talk last night about being better men inspired me.這次換我去處理吧 把愛傳出去It's my turn to mediate, pay it forward,讓那什麼...你知道的 傳遞善緣keep that... you know, that good karma going.-你確定嗎  -當然- You sure? - You bet.不要擔心 我能搞定Don't worry. I got this.這裏以前很好 很受人尊敬的小區This used to be a nice, respectable neighborhood.但現在到處都是外來土狗Now it's filled to the rim with immigrants,同性戀啊 流浪漢homos, and deadbeats.那啞巴玩意兒是你吉普賽男朋友拿來的That dumb shit your Gypsy boyfriend sent over半點屁用都沒有didn't do fuck all.你覺得自己能做什麼鬼用What the hell do you think you can do?你知道嗎 亞歷山大·格雷厄姆·貝爾 該死的美國人You know, Alexander Graham Bell, a goddamn American,發明了電話invented the telephone.這電話他媽到底怎麼搞的What the hell am I stuck with here?那個混球桑切斯還想著給我修Dirty Sanchez from TJ trying to fix mine.事實上 我兒子學校正在教As a matter of fact, my son was just learning亞歷山大·格雷厄姆·貝爾about Alexander Graham Bell in school.我記得他說過貝爾是蘇格蘭人I think he said the man was born in Scotland之後移民到加拿大and later emigrated to Canada.至少不是瓦哈卡的[墨西哥州]Well, at least he wasn't from Oaxaca.我要回辦公室拿工具箱放進這插座I have to go get my toolbox in my office to get into this jack.參加完我兒子的綬帶典禮 我會回來的I'll be back after my son's belt ceremony.哦 我看見那個孩子一堆肥肉在這走來走去呢Oh, I seen that kid strutting around here.要我說 你要換根大號皮帶You ask me, you're gonna have to get a bigger belt才能栓上那堆肥肉for that little gordito pork chop.給我聽好了 我是東洛杉磯人 去你媽的And just for the record, I'm from East L. A., motherfucker!怎麼了What's wrong?我和凱勁有點不對付Mr. Caygeon and I had a little disagreement.沒事 他只是有點頭痛It's okay. He's just got a bit of a headache.你打客戶 他會告死我們的You assaulted a tenant! He'll sue the shit out of us.我沒法忍了 他侮辱馬泰奧I had no choice! He insulted Mateo!善緣沒用了Karma be damned!好的 好的Okay, okay.喝點運動飲料 補充下電解質Replenish your electrolytes.我們會解決的We'll work it out.-操你媽啊  -哦 別這樣- I was in the shit. - Oh, come on.老子赤手空拳干死過5個傻逼I killed five VC sons of bitches with my bare hands.如果讓個外來土鱉在我自己的店裏打我I'll be goddamned if I let any illegal immigrant我還他媽怎麼混attack me in my own shop!準備Jun-Bi!有句話是...Now, there is a saying...不要爭輸贏Take no thought of who is right and who is wrong.我操Oh, fuck that!-你要做什麼  -我要報警- What are you doing? - I'm calling the cops!老子的電話爛了 忘了嗎My phone doesn't work, remember?!等等 有話好商量Wait. We can work this out.沒得商量 滾 操你媽的No, fuck you, fucker!-別啊 給我吧  -不- Come on. Give it to me. - No!快給我Give me that.快住手Stop.他停手了He's out他不是停手He's not out.是死了He's dead.你闖禍了You fucked up.你也是So did you.現在怎麼辦So now what?完了 綬帶典禮Fuck! The belt ceremony.操 我們孩子都在外面Shit, our kids are out there.大事不好了This is not good.媽的 被看到就完了 我們怎麼辦No shit this is not good. What are we gonna do?-藏起來  他在流血啊- Hide him. - He's bleeding out!沒時間弄乾淨We're not gonna be able to clean it up in time.我有辦法了I got an idea.過來Come on.韋斯利Wesley.恭喜Congratulations.馬泰奧Mateo.娜娜LaLa.幹得漂亮Nicely done.不錯啊 考慮得很周全Not bad, all things considered.普雷斯頓Preston.調解結束So much for mediation.蘇菲Sophia.天一黑 我們就去扔掉那個狗娘養的As soon as it's dark, we're gonna get rid of that fucker.特雷索爾Tresor.用我車嗎My car?難道用我的My car?你車不挺好的What about your car?你的車內部空間最隱蔽Yours has the most interior space in its class.我承諾過的As promised.-這是什麼  -我的每周還款- What's this? - My weekly contribution.實際上 這是上周的Actually, it's last week's.我保證這周的會很快給你I promise I'll have this week's very shortly.昨天你的女性朋友過來付清了賬Your lady friend came by yesterday and paid your debt.-我的女性朋友  -那個外國人- My lady friend? - The foreigner.她說你會懂的She said you'd understand.是了 什麼...Oh, right. What...做個自由人有什麼感受So, how does it feel to be a free man?很棒Great.謝謝你 西姆拉Thank you, Simza.夠了 別廢話了Oh, please. No bullshit.回見 外族人See you around, gadje.你終於回我電話了At last you're returning my calls.看來你不止是黑了我電話啊Seems you did more to my phone than just hack into it.還裝了什麼軟體還是自動程序呢Some kind of app or bot?沒錯Indeed.我正準備去你店裏 找你討論下一步I'm on my way to your store now, actually, to discuss next steps.恐怕我不會見你I'm afraid I won't be seeing you.你的慷慨解囊也改變不了什麼And your grand gesture doesn't change a thing.我會還錢你的I will be paying you back.怎麼 全部嗎What, all of it?我知道這對你來說可不是小數目I understand that's a small fortune to you.對我來講 只是小菜一碟...To me, it's just a drop in a bucket...我倆在一起能賺很多很多碟a bucket you and I could fill together.我跟你說過的 我不想再幫人做嫁衣了And like I told you, I'm done carrying other people's water.查理 查...Charlie. Char...能借用下這個房間嗎Uh, can I have the room, please?這就是我們的調查機構 盯著你家This is the machine that's been investigating your family,蘭科家族 還有其他西海岸的吉普賽犯罪家族the Rankos, and the other West Coast Roma crime families.指揮中心網絡A network of command centers.一打聯邦特工A dozen federal agents.這是我最喜歡的一個And here's one of my favorites now.特工西姆斯是我們的首席聯調局調查員Agent Sims is our lead FBI investigator.這位是...This is...麗塔·馬克思Rita Marks.我看過你的檔案I've read your file.帶她來這有風險Bit of a risk bringing her here.麗塔那麼愛自己的孫女 為此執意要來Rita loves her granddaughters a little too much to say anything.我仍然覺得該給她戴竊聽器I still think we should wire her.不 沒有必要Oh, no, that wouldn't be necessary.那要看Well, your level of future cooperation未來你有多合作了will determine all that.看來麗塔終於給我們帶了些有用的消息It appears Rita has finally brought us something useful.她兒子在商店街開了家靈媒中心Her son is running a psychic call center out of a strip mall.更像是給州際電信欺詐Likely a front for interstate wire fraud和信用卡偷竊打掩護and credit-card theft.我想開始監控那裏I want to start surveillance.我認識這個人I know this guy.愛德華多·布斯塔曼特Eduardo Bustamante.因為某些案子 我們也在監視他We've had our eye on him for something else.他也捲進來了嗎He wrapped up in this?看起來是的Seems so.如果方索·馬克思和布斯塔曼特攪和在一起If Fonso Marks is working with Bustamante,那肯定是有某些大事it must be something serious.我們能利用這個We could use this.但是方索不能幫我們扳倒那些犯罪家族Except Fonso can't help us bring down the crime families.他被驅逐了He's banished.要是他沒有呢What if he wasn't?力量牌代表一位充滿勇氣的女性The Strength card represents a woman with courage.你可以成為外交官You could be a diplomat.外交官 真的嗎A diplomat? Really?下張牌Next card.女皇The Empress.你會很富有 擁有很多財富Okay, you have wealth, a lot of things in abundance.這張牌代表母性和懷孕The card represents motherhood and pregnancy.-這張牌肯定說錯了  -牌不會撒謊- The cards are totally wrong. - The cards don't lie.-是你這麼說的而已  -它們不會撒謊- So you say. - They don't.行吧 繼續Okay. Go on.戀人The Lovers.好了 這下開始有趣了Okay. This is where it gets interesting.你是在按自己的想法解讀牌You're interpreting the cards however you want.不 我... 我是有點發揮餘地No, I... I have... I may have a little wiggle room,但牌的含義不會變but the cards are what they are.戀人牌代表女性的潛意識The Lovers represents the subconscious mind in a woman和男性的意識and the conscious in a man.不出所料了That's typical.跳過這張吧Let's skip this one.教皇牌The Hierophant.你是儀式 宗教和苦役的俘虜So, you are captive to ritual, religion, and servitude.這有可能是家庭境遇的寫照This could be a family situation.基本上 牌... 的意思是Basically, what... what it means你有很多規矩要遵守is you have a lot of things you're supposed to obey.絕對的No shit.我可是個吉普賽家庭的小新娘I'm a teen bride in a Roma family.所以我說 牌不撒謊See, that's what I'm saying. The cards don't lie.但教皇牌有一點很有意思...Um, but what's interesting about The Hierophant is...要是你想 也可以反叛you can disobey if you want to.牌告訴你怎麼做了嗎Do the cards tell you how to do that?要是有就好了If only.德林娜 你怎麼在這Drina. I didn't know you were here.見到你真讓我驚訝I'm surprised to see you.你能過來幫我個忙嗎Uh, could you help me with something?好的Okay.馬上回來Be right back.她在我們家做什麼What is she doing in our house?我們只是一起閒逛 媽媽 可以嗎We're just hanging out, Mom. That okay?不 不行No, it's not okay.那是方索的女兒That's Fonso's daughter.她還結婚了 尼克 她嫁給了西姆拉的大兒子She's married, Nick, to Simza's oldest son,那男孩現在是蘭科家的主事人who is now the head of the crime family.他們要是知道她獨自來了我們家...If they knew that she was alone in this house...那又有什麼問題What's the big deal?她不被允許和我們這樣的外族人在一起She's not allowed to hang out with gadje like us.媽媽Mom.我們只是朋友We're just friends.你恐怕還沒注意到 我本來就沒幾個朋友In case you haven't noticed, I don't have many.我來跟他談I'll talk to him.最好你來 他不肯跟我說話You better. He won't talk to me.他們又不是在約會 或是談戀愛It's not like they're dating or going steady或是其他那些孩子做的事or whatever the fuck kids do these days.他們是死黨 誰知道這什麼意思They're BFFs, whatever that means.我跟他談I'll talk to him.這倒提醒了我 你為什麼不接我電話Which reminds me, why didn't you talk to me?-什麼  -今天- What? - Today.看到德林娜之後 我差不多給你打了六次電話I called you like six times after the Drina incident.噢 我要買個新手機Oh, I need a new phone.也許能讓她幫我付了Maybe I can get her to pay for it.-瑪姬嗎  -對啊- Maggie? - Yeah.她想利用我的天賦吸引更多人賺更多錢She, uh, wants to take my talents to a larger audience.是嗎Does she?她幫我們付清了欠白托尼的債She paid off our debt to White T.算是給我的預付款Sort of a down payment on me.算是啊Sort of.我拒絕了I said no.你應該答應的You should have said yes.我能分清 哪些事對我好I can keep what's good for me又有哪些事對你好separate from what's good for you.你有天賦 查爾斯·K·哈弗福德You have something, Charles K. Haverford.如果這是你的真名的話If that's even your name.你好啊Hello.你好Hello?有人嗎Hello?有人在嗎Hello?!