你知道怎么做You'd Know What to Do师父  苏丹的使者提出要谈判Master, the Sultan's emissaries offered a parley.阿拉  我请求你的仁慈Allah, I ask you for the good of it在恶魔面前保护我们and seek refuge in You against its evil.我们的祈祷随风传导您耳中Our prayer when the wind blows.可惜  你的神并没有听你说话Well, your God is not listening.你的神也没听你说啊？Is yours?你失去了耶路撒冷You've lost Jerusalem.你失去了圣地所有的圣殿骑士大本营You've lost every Templar stronghold in the Holy Land,现在你又会失去了圣杯and now you will lose the Grail.我们有10万大军  还有增援在路上We have 100,000 men and more coming.我们有埃及和叙利亚的友军We have the forces of Egypt and Syria.我们有攻城坦克We have siege-engines.我们有神的佑护And we have God on our side.上帝God.拉希德Rashid.阿卡的人民需要你保护We have the people of Acre in our care.不仅仅是基督徒Not just Christians.犹太教徒  撒拉逊人  所有的信仰Jews, Saracens... All faiths.告诉苏丹  至少要保证他们的安全Tell the Sultan, they at least must be granted safe...苏丹不会听你说这些Sultan is no longer listening.他会羞辱你He will have your humiliation.他会拿到圣杯And he will have the Grail.要么投降Surrender.要么死Die.你只有这两个选择Those are your choices.那就死吧Then it's die.加强圣杯的守卫Double the guard on the Grail.唐克里德  高文  左边部队Tancrede, Gawain, left troop.左边部队Left troop.兰德里  跟我去右边Landry, with me on the right.分成三列  快速行进Three columns, advancing fast.- 有多少人  - 五千  一万- How many? - 5,000. 10,000.不管有多少No matter how many,有必要战斗一整天都行cut them down all day if we have to.约200年前Nearly 200 years ago,九名骑士组建了我们的军队nine knights founded our order护送朝圣者去耶路撒冷to protect pilgrims on the road to Jerusalem.今天  阿卡是我们在圣地的坚实基地Today, Acre is our stronghold in the Holy Land,我们永远不会放弃and we will never relinquish it.我们要保护的不只是这个城市We fight for more than just this city,也不只是城里的男男女女more than just the men and women这些人只要城池陷落就会死去who will die if it falls.今天  我们要为圣杯而战Today, we fight for the Grail.有必要就必须杀戮  但不能滥杀无辜Take every life you must take, but no more,我们像为神而战一样and remember that we answer to God也听令于神just as we fight for God.我们以上帝的仁慈为名取得胜利And we win by the Grace of God.以上帝仁慈为名By the Grace of God!准备好了吗Ready?列队  准备Line. Will.攻击Attack!第一梯队First formation.回头  完结他们Turn back! Finish them!发起冲锋Charge!- 唐克里德  注意左边  - 注意身后- Tancrede! On your left. - Behind you.戈弗雷  注意身后Godfrey! Behind you!兰德里Landry!兰德里  去取圣杯Landry, get the Grail!我们不打算留下战斗了吗We're not gonna stay and fight?他们人太多了There are too many of them!我们必须确保圣杯的安全We must make sure the Grail is safe!那阿卡呢What about Acre?全都沦陷了All is lost!我们在码头见We meet at the docks!快去拿到圣杯Get the Grail! Now!好的Yes!打开坟墓  拿走圣杯Open the tomb. We're taking the Grail.兰德里  马穆鲁克人在码头Landry, the Mamluks are at the docks.- 已经去了吗  不可能  - 我们被背叛了- Already? They can't be! - We've been betrayed.- 怎么回事  - 地道- How? - The tunnels.那是他们过去的唯一通道It's the only way they could have made it there.我们必须走了We have to go.快去拿黄金Fetch the gold!决一死战Fight to the death!准备Ready.兰德里  我们必须去船上Landry! We have to get to the ship!救命Help!爸爸  救命Papa, help! Help me!兰德里  你在做什么Landry, what are you doing?别等了  把圣杯拿到船上Don't wait! Get the Grail on the ship!盒子安全了The box is secure.- 出发吧  - 不  等等- Cast off! - No, wait!兰德里Landry!阿德利娜Adelina!快来Come!快点Come.我们得走了We must go!把圣杯带到安全的地方Get the Grail to safety.快走Go.快快快Go! Go!走呀Go!高文Gawain!高文  你记得母亲Gawain, do you remember the smell头发的味道吗of your mother's hair?快来Come on.阿德利娜Adelina!快点  快Go! Go!快点  快Go! Go!谢谢你  兄弟Thank you, brother.你也会这样对我的  兰德里You would have done the same thing for me, Landry.我们让阿卡  和里面所有的人失望了Acre. All the people we have failed.- 都是我的错  - 不  有人背叛了我们- It is my fault. - No, we were betrayed.他们是怎么去码头的How did they get to the docks?我们可以集结更多兵力We will gather more men.我们回家再重新夺回圣地We'll return and retake the Holy Land.圣杯The Grail!神啊  不Lord, no.圣杯已经陨落了It is lost.一切都不复存在了Everything is lost.你在这里做什么What are you doing here?教个傻子怎么弄丢自己的剑Teaching a fool how to lose his sword.你才是傻瓜You're the fool.你还没准备好You weren't prepared.举高点  你的手臂Higher! Your arm!保持平衡Balance.够高了It is high.还要更高  否则Higher, otherwise...总是这样Every time.进步很大了But much improvement.还不够大Not that much.那唯一的原因可能就是The only possible explanation我的老师没能耐教导我is my teacher has no skill to pass on.没能耐吗No skill?菲利普  试试这个Philip, try this.那一定就是你不够忠心Then it must be that you do not have the loyalty导致你不会鞭策自己好好教导我to apply yourself to training me well.对法兰西国王不忠心吗No loyalty to the King of France.- 这可是叛国罪啊  - 正是- That would be treason. - Exactly.你就是个叛国贼You are a traitor to the crown!陛下Your Grace.兰德里在这Landry is here.- 我们在训练  - 是的  可是- We are training. - Yes, but...国家事务  希望您理解Affairs of state. You understand.下次待久点Stay longer next time.替我向王后致意Help me give some cheer to the Queen.她总是待在床上She is forever in her bed.兰德里Landry.德诺加雷特De Nogaret.你为什么打扰我和朋友在一起的时光Why do you interrupt me when I'm with my friend?圣殿骑士团真的是我们的朋友吗Are the Templars truly our friends?当然了Of course.他们忠于我和法兰西They're loyal to me and to France.你多虑了You worry too much, De Nogaret.如果你总想担心点什么的话If you wish to worry about something,就去担心  弗兰德斯  英格兰worry about Flanders, England.那样的担心很费钱Worries like that cost money.可是现在  圣殿骑士团  我们的朋友And yet, the Templars, our friends,莫名其妙有钱了  却不再资助我们rich beyond reason, no longer come to our aid.把钱放进我们的金库It is not the job of the Templars可不是圣殿骑士团的义务  德诺加雷特to put money in our coffers, De Nogaret.是你的义务It is yours.去想别的办法Find another way.我们可以从犹太人那里弄点钱We could take money from the Jews.犹太人不会借我们钱的The Jews will not lend to us.这是你自己说的You said so yourself.不是借Not lend.抢吗Take?不行No.我不是那样的国王No, I'm not that kind of king.我说过  我想成为受人爱戴的君主I told you... I want to be loved by the people.借过一下Make way there.我来给你们讲讲犹太人And let me tell you this about the Jews...他们会夺走你们的孩子They will take your babies.这是真的It's true.他们夺走虔诚基督教徒的孩子They take good Christian babies然后他们通过折磨他们来嘲讽耶稣and they crucify them to mock Jesus!好孩子Good boy.稍微注意一点  兄弟Behave yourself, brother.什么What?我还想问你呢  我知道你在看什么I'll give you "What?" I saw you looking.贞洁誓言  没忘记吧Vows of chastity. Remember those?看看罢了又没碰Looking is not touching.没错  但看是一切的开始  相信我No, but it's the first step. Trust me.来吧  我们要开个会Come on. We have a meeting.不用这么急Don't hurry.我们都得等着你We all have to wait for you.我去找国王了I was with the King.兄弟们Brothers.上帝  祝福我们Lord, bless us.祝福雅克  我们的骑士团长Bless Jacques, our Grand Master.祝福博尼  我们的主教Bless Boniface, our Pope.请赐予我们你的智慧And grant us all Thy wisdom.- 阿门  - 阿门- Amen. - Amen.唐克雷迪兄弟Brother Tancrede.谢谢你  戈弗雷师父Thank you, Master Godfrey.我们每月的支出仍然高达9000法郎Our expenditure is still high at 9,000 each month.那我们放出的贷款呢And what of our loans?阿图瓦的本尼迪克特按时偿还了Repayment in good time from Benedict of Artois,按照契约income in the form of rents使用他领地的租金received from his lands, as agreed.德考克斯仍然欠着我们财产The De Caux estate is in arrears, as ever,当然  国王也没有还贷款and of course, there are no repayments from the King.你在宫殿里会友时While you were at the palace with your friend,或许应该提醒一下他perhaps you should have reminded him.国王高兴地拿走了我们的钱The King is happy enough to take our money,但是却不还了but not to pay it back.至少他正在想办法Well, at least he's doing something with it.可我们在干什么What are we doing?我们正在开会讨论贷款的事We're having meetings about loans.我们救济穷人We feed the poor.为他们提供庇护所We help with shelters.任何一个教士都能救济穷人Any monk can feed the poor.我们是圣殿骑士  我们是战士We are Templars! We are warriors.我们应该为圣地去战斗We're supposed to fight for the Holy Land.为朝圣者创造安全通道Safe passage for pilgrims.可是  我们就只是在分发些面包而已Instead, we dole out a few loaves of bread没人注意到我们正在囤积资产吗so nobody notices we're hoarding our wealth.我们忽视大众怎么对待犹太人We ignore the treatment of the Jews就好像对此毫无责任in our own city as if somehow we are not respon...犹太人的问题不需要我们来处理The Jews are not our problem.好  那么  谁来处理Well, then, whose problem are they,如果我们不管的话if not ours?你了解圣殿骑士的授权事务You know the Templar mandate...在伦敦  在罗马  在那不勒斯  巴黎In London, in Rome, in Naples, Paris...不管我们在哪Wherever we are...我们都不介入城市的事务We do not get involved in city affairs.好  那么  我们的事务是什么Well, then, what do we do?我们存在的意义是什么What are we for?兰德里兄弟Brother Landry.我理解你的沮丧I understand your frustration.已经十五年了It's been 15 years!我们已经失去阿卡十五年了15 years since we lost Acre,我明白为什么and I don't understand why!为什么我们还待在巴黎  我们在等什么Why are we still in Paris? What are we waiting for?是在等圣地自己长脚跑回来吗Are we waiting for the Holy Land to come back by itself?兰德里  现在时机未到Landry. Now is not the time.苏丹正在内斗The Sultans are fighting amongst themselves.蒙古人正从东方攻击他们The Mongols are attacking them from the East.如果我们现在行动  我们就能夺回圣地If we act now, we can retake the Holy Land.我们有足够的财富We have the money.我们还有全欧洲成千上万的男人们We still have thousands of men across Europe.是时候了Now is the time.这不是我们能决定的It's not for us to decide.这应该是上帝来决定的It is for God to decide.我敬爱你  戈弗雷  但是上帝已经遗忘我们了I love you, Godfrey, but God has forgotten us.他在阿卡的时候就忘掉我们了He abandoned us in Acre.相信我Trust me.我想要给你解释一些事情I want to explain things to you,但是风向  兰德里but the wind, Landry.风向一直在阻碍着我们The wind is still against us.我得走了I have to go.什么What?没什么It's nothing.城外有一些事情要处理It's something outside the city.戈弗雷  到底怎么了Godfrey, what's the matter?快把我的马牵过来Prepare my horse immediately.我的也牵过来Prepare mine, too.- 我和你一起去  - 不  我很快就回来了- I'm coming with you. - No. I won't be long.我不在的时候  你要负起责任来In my absence, you're in charge.我想让你成为师父I want you to be Master.- 戈弗雷  - 有一件事- Godfrey. - One thing...你说对了You're right.我们必须保护犹太人We must protect the Jews.高文告诉我你现在来负责Gawain tells me you're in charge在老家伙不在的时候while the old man is away.我很担心他I'm worried about him.他表现的不对He's not himself.相信我  有什么事情不对劲There's something wrong, believe me.还有这个And there's this...我在院子里找到的I found it in the cloister.我想他就是看到了这个  然后就突然离开了I think he saw it, and that's why he left suddenly.肯定代表着什么It means something.相信我  兄弟  你想得太多了Trust me, brother, you're thinking too much.我们晚祷的时候见吧I'll see you at Compline.这么急着赶路呢  圣殿骑士师父Going somewhere in a hurry, Master Templar?丹尼尔怎么样How about Daniel?或者是乔治  我更喜欢乔治Or George! I'd love a George.会成为一个强壮的好农民A good solid worker for the farm.如果我父亲听到我们在结婚之前就讨论孩子的话If my father hears you talking of children before we marry,他会把你的小蟋蟀钉到最近的一棵树上he'll nail your crickets to the nearest tree.什么  蟋蟀吗  你们管那个叫蟋蟀What? Crickets? You call them crickets?帕西瓦尔  快回去工作Parsifal, get back to work.我还想要一个马修和一个保罗I'd like a Matthew and a Paul, too.四个男孩  一个女孩都没有吗Four boys?! And not one girl?是啊  好吧  女孩儿太麻烦了Yeah, well, girls are trouble.怎么了What is it?一个圣殿骑士A Templar knight.是强盗Highwaymen.快进去Get inside.- 哦  那你呢  - 玛丽  快进去- Oh, what about you? - Marie, go!你想从我这里得到什么What do you want from me?招了吧  我们会下手痛快些的Talk and we'll make it painless.不要浪费我们的时间Don't waste your time.圣殿骑士喜欢痛苦Templars enjoy pain.他们认为这会使他们更接近上帝They think it brings them closer to God.是这样的吧  戈弗雷Isn't that right, Godfrey?你最好快跑You better run!跑吧  小子Run away, lad!跑呀Run!你就应该听我话的  小伙子You should have listened, lad!你呢What about you?你喜欢痛苦吗You like pain?你很幸运You were lucky.下一次赶路的时候你最好小心点  老家伙Next time, be more careful on the road, old man.下一次  带的人多点儿吧Next time, bring more men.你做的很好You did well.我的名字叫戈弗雷My name is Godfrey.先生  我叫帕西瓦尔Parsifal. Sir.玛丽  去打些水并找些什么做绷带Marie, bring water and something for a bandage!不  太晚了No. Too late.我的剑My sword.在哪儿呢Where is it?我想请求你做些事情I'm going to ask you to do something.你不知道它有多重要You have no idea how important it is.做什么都行Anything.把这把剑交给巴黎的圣殿骑士Take this sword to the Templars in Paris.巴黎吗  我去不了巴黎Paris? I can't go to Paris.我只是个农民I'm just a farmer.在那儿找一个叫兰德里的骑士Find a knight named Landry there.把剑交给他Give him the sword然后告诉他他会知道怎么做的And tell him he'll know what to do.上帝的帝国就仰仗这了God's Kingdom depends on it.- 你甚至都没有离开过村子  - 是吗  不准确- You've never even left the village! - Well, not true.- 我去过一次伐木场  - 当时你才11岁- I went once with a woodcutter. - You were 11!帕西瓦尔  请不要离开Parsifal, please don't leave!玛丽  你听到他说的了Marie, you heard him.我必须要去I have to.罗斯Rose.什么What?这就是我们女儿的名字That's what we'll call our daughter.罗斯Rose.请原谅我  女士Forgive me, Madam.我跟着你到这里的I followed you here.我在街上忍不住的注意到了你I couldn't help noticing you on the street.你的Something...你眼睛中的某些东西Something about your eyes.你的脸庞Your fine face.你完美的双腿Your fine legs.甚至你的Your even finer...安静点Be quiet.女士  我是一个需要爱的孤独的战士Madam, I'm a lonely warrior in need of love.今天早些时候你还不孤独You were not so lonely earlier today在你没在街上离开我的时候that you did not leave me in the street,想要wanting...想要吗Wanting?想要什么Wanting what?不要让我说出来Don't make me say it.说吧Say it.我喜欢I like it.想要你Wanting you.我是来开会的There was a meeting.总是来参见会议的There is always a meeting.真的True.我不是战士  而是会议的客人I'm not a warrior. I'm an attender of meetings.这是个诅咒It's a curse.修补我不安的灵魂Mend my troubled soul.这些都不是你You're neither of those things.你是个修道士You're a monk.你就不该在这You should not be here.我在这I'm here.是的  你就在这里Yes, you are very much here.我想你了I missed you.琼  我也想你了Joan, I missed you, too.我喜欢这个I love this.我什么都喜欢  但我真的很喜欢这个I love everything, but I love this.肚子和屁股的连接Where the belly joins onto the hip.我知道I know.什么样的人What man in his right mind能清醒地抛下这等宝物would turn his back on this?不去了解女子的这里To know this place on a woman.别搞我了Stop it.今天发生了点事Something happened today.戈弗雷突然离开城里了  不知道为什么Godfrey suddenly left the city. I don't know why.他有事瞒着我There's something he isn't telling me.然后呢And?我很担心他  他是我的师父I'm worried about him. He's my Master.并且不止如此He's more than that.他对你来说像个父亲He's like a father to you.但如果他是我父亲  我就不是一个好儿子But if he's my father, I'm not a very good son.他留下我管理教堂He's left me in charge of the Temple,我就用这个来回报他的新人and I repay his trust with this.你后悔和我在一起吗Do you regret your time with me?没有No.你是我唯一爱过的女人You're the only woman I've ever loved.你们知道犹太人的特点吧And you know they have those noses, the Jews?他们的鼻子好大啊Their noses are so big!知道为什么吗Do you know why?因为他们的空气是免费的Because the air is free!这是谁啊What have we got here?您好啊  朋友Shalom, my friend.您好Shalom.带剑的男人在哪Where's the man who carries this sword?戈弗雷  他Godfrey, he, um...怎么回事How?公路响马  追着他  射中了他的马Highwaymen. They chased him, shot his horse.戈弗雷把他们全杀了Godfrey killed them all.他们的头领跑了Only their leader got away.- 他的尸体呢  - 在我家里- Where's his body? - At my house.我未婚妻和她父亲会把他好好安葬My fiancèe and her father will have buried him properly.不  他在得到应有的葬礼后No. He should be laid to rest here in the Temple,应该和其他人一起被葬在教堂after the funeral he deserves.采取主动Take some initiates.带他回家Bring him home.你现在要做什么What will you do now?什么意思What do you mean?他说把剑带给你He said take the sword to you.他说你会知道怎么做He said you would know what to do.过来Come on.孩子Boy...谢谢你Thank you.你知道怎么做"You'd know what to do?"那是什么意思What does that mean?我不知道I don't know.把他的剑清理干净Make sure his sword is cleaned放在他的书房and kept in his office.我们会拿它和他一起下葬We'll bury it with his body.告诉教皇  他会想知道的And send word to the Pope. He'll want to know.- 兰德里兄弟  - 不行  现在别惹我- Brother Landry. - No! Not now!原谅我  阁下  但你应该想知道Forgive me, sir, but I thought you'd want to know,城里发生了谋杀there's been a murder in the city.犹太徒杀掉了基督徒A Jew killed a Christian.那些人想要复仇The people want revenge.女王和我是在这教堂结婚的The Queen and I were married in this church.这对于我来说有特殊意义It holds a special place in my heart.那时候她只是个小女孩She was just a girl then.她现在成熟了How she has flowered.你应该迎娶德诺格雷特You should marry, De Nogaret.有些时候男人想要的东西Sometimes the object of a man's desire却得不到is... beyond reach.再说  我已经将自己献给了法国Besides, I'm already married to France.和您And your service.- 陛下  说到犹太教徒  - 我们已经解决了- Your Grace, regarding the Jews... - We settled that.有发生新的情况There has been a development.基督教商人在市集广场被杀了A Christian trader has been killed in the market square.犹太教徒光天化日之下砍了他A Jew stabbed him in broad daylight.拿这些基督教徒就要按照法律受到惩罚Then this Jew must be punished in the usual way.恐怕事态已经升级了I'm afraid matters have gone beyond that.凶手逃走了  在同胞庇护下多了起来The murderer escaped and hides among his own.人民好生愤怒The people are so angry.巴黎的犹太教徒一日不死光他们就不会停止They will not stop until every Jew in Paris is dead.女王认为我们需要犹太教徒The Queen believes we need the Jews,我同意她的意见and I share her opinion.他们是治疗伤病的医生  他们的商品Their doctors heal our sick, their merchants...我同意女王大人I agree with Her Grace.犹太教徒应该受到保护The Jews should be protected.但恐怕唯一保护他们的办法But I'm afraid the only way to protect them就是撤离is an evacuation.强迫撤离吗A forced evacuation?为了大局和他们的安全For the greater good and for their own safety.这是唯一的办法It is the only way.你好  德诺格雷特Hello, De Nogaret.列那  感谢你过来Reynard, thank you for coming.我完成了任务I've done the job.你听到新闻了吗Did you hear the news?- 你开心吗  - 干得很棒- Are you happy? - Yes. Well done.似乎你的表演很令人信服It appears your performance was most convincing.国王已经下令驱逐犹太人了The King has ordered the expulsion of the Jews.不客气You're welcome.让他们安静离开城里吧Let them leave the city in peace.等他们到了荒郊野地  就把他们包围Once they're on the open road, round them up,抢走所有钱  全杀掉take all their money, and kill them.那需要很多人手  需要不少报酬呢Need a lot of men. Fair cost to it.你会得到报酬的You'll be paid.那孩子怎么办What about the children?不管他们吗Leave them be?为什么Why?我们必须在天黑之前拿到戈弗雷的尸体We need to get Godfrey's body before dark.我们上路吧Let's get back on the road.你在圣地受伤了吗Were you wounded in the Holy Land?无意冒犯  我看到你的腿了Well, I meant no offense, but I see your leg.对  我在阿卡受伤了Yes. I was wounded at Acre.你为何这么做Why would you do that?不远万里  到异乡打仗Travel 1,000 miles to fight in a strange land?你如果不懂  我没办法解释If you do not understand, then I cannot explain.你看到了伤口  我看到了礼物What you see as a wound, I see as a gift.对  如此的伤口Yeah, well, a wound like that我敢说  对于农场来说  可不是什么礼物would be no gift on a farm, I can tell you.你还有什么要说的么Anything else you want to tell me?没No.我们走Let's go.为皇室管家让路Make way for the royal chamberlain!退后  让开Stand back! Out of the way!- 让开  - 退下- Move aside! - Step aside!- 回去  - 闪开- Get back! - Keep it clear!以吾王之名By the order of the King,犹太区要被清空the Jewish Quarter is to be cleared.啊Aah!孩子们呢What about the children?所有犹太信仰德男人女人和小孩All men, women, and children of the Jewish faith都要在黄昏钟声前离开are required to leave the city by the vespers bell.肃静  吾王心意已决Listen! The King must be heard!肃静  听我说Listen to me!这是为了和平It is done in the interest of peace以及保护诸位and for your own protection!吾王保证每个人安全的离开The King guarantees every person safe passage.他们都会被屠杀They're all going to be slaughtered.我们不能起义We can't raise arms.法律上来说  我们没有强制力Legally, we have no mandate.戈弗雷知道我们的管辖权  唐克里德Godfrey knew the limits of our jurisdiction, Tancrede,但他依然因为保护犹太人而起诉我but he still charged me with protecting the Jews.即使如此  这也很危险Even so, this is dangerous.我们的命令的基础是以Our order was founded on the principle of- 保护路上的朝圣者为原则  - 你倒说说- protecting pilgrims on the road. - Tell me something.你怎么知道这就是屠杀了How did you come to hear of this supposed slaughter?我不能说I can't say.你要是不能说  我们没法行动Well, if you can't say, we can't act.相信我  兄弟Believe me, brother,消息来源很可靠it comes from a trusted source.不是我怀疑你  兰德里I don't doubt your word, Landry,但是如果我同意介入but if I'm to agree on an intervention...兄弟  作为代理师父Brother, as acting Master,我还真不知道有什么我们是不得不同意的I wasn't aware that we had to agree on anything.那我能不能建议代理师父Well, might I advise the acting Master仔细考虑这个决定to consider this decision carefully?如果你的第一个决定  就是If your first order sends Templars让圣殿骑士去参加不合法的战斗into an illegitimate battle,这就会成为你最后一个决定了it could also be your last.没什么  接着走Nothing. Keep going!让开Step aside!如果战斗  又怎样If we had fought, then what?如果战斗  并且胜利If we'd fought and we'd won,我们就能在巴黎凯旋而归would we suddenly be welcomed back in Paris?- 这不是重点  - 这就是重点- That's not the point. - It is the point.没什么凯旋  没什么安全We were not welcome. We were not safe.我是你的父亲  我职责就是让你安全My job as your father is to keep you safe.安全  谁想要安全Safe. I don't want to be safe.我想I want to be...- 犹太人  - 犹太人在那里- Jews. - There's the Jews.- 对  - 看他们- Yeah! - Look at them!那不就是There they are!爸爸  爸爸Papa! Papa!停Halt!- 列队  - 准备好- Form! - Ready!队形Formation!武器准备Arms!冲锋Charge!杀了他们Take them down!阿德里娜Adelina!啊Aah!兄弟  我来帮你Brother, let me help you.多谢你了Thank you for your help.你很勇敢It was very brave of you.你救过我们一次You saved us once before.在阿卡At Acre.我记得I remember.拿好这个You take this.路途当中  在任何一个圣殿骑士所You show this document at any Templar house出示这份文件on your journey.你们就不愁饿肚子了You and your people will be fed.我无言以对I don't know what to say.愿上帝保佑你And may your God bless you.来Come.谢谢你  但我们会找回师父的尸体Thank you, but we will retrieve our Master's body返回巴黎and return to Paris.好吧  就算我让你饿着肚子回家Yeah, well, even if I would allow you to go home unfed,玛丽也不会Marie would not.不不No. No!不No!玛丽  玛丽Marie! Marie!陛下Your Grace.你很走运You are lucky.我心情不错I am good spirits.女王身体好些了  今晚  我们与贵族共进晚餐The Queen is in better health, and tonight, we dine with the nobles.陛下Your Grace?犹太人上路了The Jews were set-upon on the road.我知道了So I gather.真不走运Most unfortunate.你觉得我软弱You think I am weak?陛下Your Grace?我可以是很多事情  德诺格雷特I am many things, De Nogaret,但是我不软弱but I am not weak.陛下Your Grace.我要是再发现你违背我的旨意If I find out you disobeyed me,我会以上帝之名  把你吊死在蒙福孔by God, I shall see you hanged from Montfaucon.明白了么Am I understood?菲利普国王陛下  和琼皇后His Grace, King Philip, and Her Grace Queen Joan.戈弗雷发来了消息Godfrey sent us a message!- 什么消息  - 来- What message? - Come.这是Is that...圣杯The Grail.那是鸢尾花Is that the Fleur-de-lis?对 那是法国Yes. That's France.圣杯在法国The Holy Grail is in France.翻译  AgnesLee  &  奥斯汀妹妹翻译  蓝天下翻译  苏打翻译  蟾宫里的萌梦兔儿统筹  Kate时间轴  麦斯校对  苏打特效  麦斯骑士陨落第一季   第一集擦枪字幕组XGunSubTeam原创译制mcar.cc荣誉出品合作洽谈     Q:864413459■■■人人视频APP在线观看美剧离线高清缓存更有海量高清电影扫码即刻下载特别推荐■各大应用市场均可下载■Xgun擦枪小组 有偿招募译制成员 诚邀阁下加入Q群：545053435请注明职务：翻译、听译、aegisub特效（熟练手）对字幕有任何意见和建议的同学请加Q群：544487177