"迷眼" 前情提要...Previously on "Shut Eye"...我在这里是为了让你们保持诚实I'm here to keep you honest.准备好做更好的自己了吗Are you gonna build someone better?-是的  -说服我- I am. - Make me believe.我要做更好的自己I'm gonna build someone better!这就对了That's what I want to hear!你生我气是应该的You're right to be angry with me.昨晚难道是又一次磨合吗Was last night a tune-up for the machine?你我之间Yours and mine.我不想伤害我妻子I don't want to hurt my wife.这是接收器...The receiver...这是麦克风and the microphone.所以你出去抛头露面时So all you need to do is talk into it只要对着它讲话就好了right before you go out and mingle.下一个你来吗You next?牛仔 牛...Cowboy, cowb...-西部牛仔  -是的- It's a Western. - Yes.-她好酷啊  -是啊- She's cool. - She is.晚安Good night.我爸啥时候回来So when's Dad coming back?我不知道I don't know.你在跟谁发短信Who you texting with?要想知道这种信息应该需要搜查令吧Pretty sure you need a warrant for info like that.西姆拉和我知道Simza and I are aware你想重新加入这个家族of your appeals to rejoin the family.我就去联系约西普 提出正式请求I'll reach out to Josip and make a formal request.我需要一个可靠的能赚钱的人I need a solid earner来让我的公司重回正轨to get my corporation back on track.我的房子里有一堆孩子 他们需要一位父亲And I have a house full of kids who need a father.现在就有一个人能同时满足这两个要求There is someone who fits both fuckin' bills.这样做很违反常规啊This is pretty unusual.去你妈的 吉姆Fuckin' A, Big Jim.来抢啊Come and get this.不 别急 别急 诀窍是只翻一次面No, no. Wait. Wait. Wait. The key is only flip 'em once.不然它们会变干Otherwise, they go dry.好吧Okay.-爸  -你好 宝贝- Dad! - Hey, baby!你的那份要加芝士吗Hey, you want cheese on yours?-要 但不要太生  -不要太生- Yeah. And no pink. - No pink?兰科家的人都教了你什么啊What have these Rankos been teaching you, huh?我不想知道它以前是小动物I don't want to know if it was once an animal.动物吃动物Hey, animals eat animals.这是生命的循环It's the circle of life.适者生存Survival of the fittest.从此无忧无虑["狮子王"里的快乐生活哲学]Hakuna Matata.只有最强的才能生存 娜娜Only the strongest survive, LaLa爸Dad!谢谢Thanks.抱歉了 妈Hey, sorry, Ma.炸弹来了Cannonball!还在写诗吗Still writing poetry?爸...Dad...那个...Hey, uh...西姆拉知道你在跟别的男生发短信Simza knows you've been texting other boys.我没跟别的男生发短信 只有尼克I'm not texting other boys. It's just Nick.尼克·哈弗福德Nick Haverford?我们在同一所学校We go to the same school now.听着 宝贝Listen, honey.我们要好好表现一段时间We got to be on our best behavior for a while.我又没做错事 我们只是朋友I'm not doing anything wrong. We're just friends.但你结婚了But you're married.托尼搬回以前的房间了Tony moved back into his old room.我睡在娜娜房间里And I'm staying in LaLa's.我们没有... 在一起We're not... together.长老会在监督我们The Council is watching us.懂吗Okay?等着看我们搞砸Waiting for us to screw up.这表示你得减少和新"朋友"的联系Which means you need to cool it with your new "Friend"直到风波平息until things settle down.我们必须听话We got to play nice.明白了吗Understand?这才是我的好女儿 爱你哦That's my girl. Love ya, baby.几个月前谁会想到...Who would have thought......我们会一起在这里...A few months ago that we'd be here?这是什么What is this?长老会要一份白托尼资产的The Council asked for a status report现状报告on White T's assets."现状"是什么And what is the status?谁他妈知道Who the fuck knows.他们在考验我They're testing me.我完全搞不懂这些破玩意儿I can't make heads or tails of this shit.好了 大家伙 出泳池All right, everybody! Out of the pool!该吃东西了 上吧 兰科们Time to eat! Go Rankos!方索Fonso.你看得懂这些东西吗Can you make sense of any of this?这些是汇到空壳公司的电汇These are wire transfers to shadow companies.白托尼在很多地方都插了一脚White Tony had his fingers in a lot of pies.这是什么What is it?我们该先吃饭 不着急弄这个You know, we should have lunch. This can wait.这是咱们很久以来吃的第一顿团圆饭It's the first meal we have with the family after a long time.走吧Come on.你快出泳池You get out of the pool.快点Come on.我... 想说声谢谢I, um... wanted to say thank you感谢你...for uh... you know,对我女儿们好 做她们的依靠doing right by my girls, being there for them.这对我很重要It means a lot.我也有事没来得及跟你说Well, there's something I haven't told you.什么事What is it?你今天挺帅You look good.进来Entré妈Ma?我在等人呢Expecting someone.怎么了What is it?我们必须谈件事There is something we need to discuss.什么 我是垃圾吗What? That I'm a piece of shit?还是我搞砸了That I fucked up?是我搞砸了I fucked up.我当时走投无路...I was backed in a corner...但我得说 是你造成的...a corner of your making, I should say...你对我做的好事 对白托尼干的事what you've done to me, what you've done to White Tony.你在说什么What are you talking about?我向他们告发你了I told them about you.谁们Told who?联调局The FBI.多年来 他们一直在处理反诈骗组织集团犯罪案件They have been building a RICO case针对各大家族against the families for years.你向他们承诺了什么What did you promise them?我承诺交出你I promised them you.但现在你回到家族里了But now you're back in the family,我看见孙女们和你一起and I see you with the girls.我不能这样 我承受不了I can't do this. I can't go through with this.但我真的没得选But I was given no choice.你就真这么恨我吗You really hate me that much?竟然这样对亲生儿子...You do this to your own son...还有你的家族to your own family?我是为了保护我的家族I was trying to protect my family.靠把我送进局子里来保护吗By handing me over to the Feds?你没有保护任何人You've protected no one.而且你毁掉了一切And you've destroyed everything.操Fuck!我以为他的名字是戈登It was my understanding that his name is Gordon.没错 他确实叫戈登 但他自己用"戈德"Yes, his name was Gordon, but he went by "Gord."不是所有人都用法定名Not everyone uses their legal name.我们得找办法精准定位We need a way of narrowing it down.我不知道你在抱怨什么I don't know what you are complaining about.你今晚表现得很棒了I thought you were great tonight.-这是什么  -噢 太好了- What's this? - Oh, great.来的真及时 打开吧Just in time. Open it!你怎么找到的How did you find this?花了不少时间It took a lot of digging.我谷歌了"惊悚恐怖娃娃"I Googled "Creepy-ass doll,"这是出现的第一条内容and this was the first thing that came up."墨菲"... 我不知道这是他的名字"Murphy"... I didn't know that was his name,更别说知道他是神秘人了let alone he was a man of mystery.他确实很胜任这个头衔He certainly lived up to his hype.看来他对你很重要It sounded like he was important to you.琳达会说你在助长我的幻想Linda would say that you're feeding my delusion.我是在助长你的好奇心I'm feeding your curiosity,这是在这行业里永远不嫌多的东西which is something you cannot have enough of in this business.而且 你工作很努力Besides, you've worked hard.我想着你值得一些表彰I thought you deserved a little something in recognition.真的特别感谢你I really appreciate it.这... 这简直...This... This is...这简直太棒了This is great.晚安 查理Good night, Charlie.把他放在安全的地方Keep him tucked away somewhere safe.我们可不想让他再经历上一次的事了We do not want him suffering the same fate as the last one.墨菲 神秘的男人Murphy, man of mystery.小心点搬它Careful with that.能帮我把这些粘起来吗Do you mind taping these up?谢了Thanks.你好呀 陌生人Hey, stranger.我们要搬走吗Are we moving out?还是有人要搬进来Or is someone moving in?正在清理接待室Cleaning out the parlor.你不在家的时候更多You're away more than you're here,我也不能同时运作两间店and I can't run two shops,所以我想把这个房间变成客房so I figured I'd turn this into a proper guest room.开派对和整理房间Hosting parties and reorganizing the house...你快变成玛莎·斯图尔特了You're turning into a regular Martha Stewart."做更好的自己" 对吧"Build someone better", right?我明白你的意思I see what you did there.你怎么了You okay?没事 就是有点累Yeah, I'm just tired.嘿Hey!放心 我不会扔掉它的Don't worry. I'm not gonna throw it away.大多数东西都要搬去另一家店Most of it's going to the other shop.剩下的都存起来The rest we put in storage.要不然这样You know what?其实仔细一想 大多数东西都可以扔掉Come to think of it, we can toss most of this stuff.你真的进化了That's very evolved of you.看来玛姬对你真的有好影响I guess Maggie's a good influence after all.-温哥华怎么样  -很好- How was Vancouver? - Good.那儿的人太好了People are really nice.他们毫无理由就会道歉They apologize for absolutely no reason.我觉得那是他们的国民爱好I think it's their national past time.给我带的纪念品呢So where's my souvenir?甚至都没有件画着麋鹿的T恤啊Not even a shirt with a moose on it.对不起 我会补偿你的Sorry. I'll make it up to you.尼克在哪儿Hey, where's Nick?在他房间生闷气呢In his room. Pouting.你没收了他的手机还是游戏机Did you take away his phone or his PlayStation?是他的手机His phone.他整天都在玩手机He's on that thing day and night.我以为你要去和他谈谈的Thought you were gonna have a chat with him.-他还在和德林娜发短信吗  -是的- Is he still texting Drina? - Mm.-你觉得是怎么回事  -怎么看都是恋爱了- What do you think is going on? - All signs point to a crush.太好了Fantastic.他对她来说是什么And what's he to her?只是个消遣A distraction.我们刚脱离了那一家子的魔爪We just got out from under the thumb of that family.不能再搞砸了We can't fuck that up.这件事必须要停下来This has to stop.我会跟他说的I'll talk to him.你们居然还没得高血压吗How do you guys not have high blood pressure?我们吃的80%都是钠80% of our diet is sodium.我们明天晚上会给你做饭的We'll cook dinner for you tomorrow night.我和你妈最近工作很忙Your mom and I have been really busy with work lately,但长期来说 对你是件好事which in the long run, is actually good for you.如果我先死掉就不是了Not if I die first.也许我应该吃一阵素食Maybe I'll go vegan for a while.你什么时候吃过蔬菜Since when do you eat vegetables?红肉对你的身体不好Red meat is bad for you.会升高胆固醇和炎症It increases cholesterol and increases inflammation.只会破坏And just wreaks havoc胃里的...on those little micro...微生物for your gut.你从哪儿听到这些的Where'd you hear that?学校的一个健康研讨会A health seminar at school.儿子Listen, buddy.我们得聊聊你发短信的事儿We need to talk about your texting.得了吧 爸 你也来这套Come on, Dad. Not you, too.你必须得停下来You need to knock it off.不管你和方索的女儿之间是And whatever this thing you have going on什么关系...with Fonso's daughter...我们什么关系都没有Look, th-there's no thing.好吧Okay?只是很同情她I just feel bad for her.没别的That's all.你接吧Go ahead.我马上就回来I'm gonna be right back.怎么了Yeah, what's up?这太不公平了How is that fair?等你还房贷的时候You pay the mortgage,你就能决定什么是公平了then you can be the judge of what's fair.在店里的时候我帮过你I helped you out at the shop.当然 我很感谢你的帮助Yes, you did, and I appreciate that,但那不会让我们成为对等关系but that doesn't make you an equal partner around here.-得了吧 妈  -现在吗- Come on, Mom. - Right now?我的手机...My phone...我保证我不会做愚蠢的事情I promise I won't do anything stupid.好吗 求你了Okay? Please.一派胡言Famous last words.你不会相信这件事的You are not going to believe this.还留下来吃饭吗You're staying for dinner?硅谷有家很大的科技公司Some big tech company in Silicon Valley下个月他们要开年度静修班is having their annual retreat next month.-谢谢你  -然后玛姬觉得- Thank you. - And Maggie thinks这是个大好机会that's a tremendous opportunity.他们的总裁希望明天一早And the CEO wants to hear our pitch听我介绍一下first thing tomorrow morning.明天一早Tomorrow morning.-你甚至还没打开行李  -我知道- You haven't even unpacked. - I know.飞机是今晚九点Flight's tonight at 9:00.这样吧 我不去了You know, I'm gonna pass.干脆不去了I'll just pass.不行No.你不能拒绝You can't.至少你把手机拿回来了Uh, at least you got it back.可这都两天之后了Yeah, after two days.父母太烦了Parents suck.可不是嘛Tell me about it.你爸回来了感觉怎么样What's it like having your dad back?怪怪的Weird.说了你可能不信You're not gonna believe this,我发誓我看到他和西姆拉在调情but I swear I saw him and Simza flirting.什么What?不可能No way.这难道不会违法吗Isn't that, like, illegal or something?是啊 有可能Yeah. Maybe.我也... 不知道I don't... I don't know.怎么了 出什么事了What? What's wrong?我们得分开We have to break up.假的... 分开 你懂我的意思Fake... break up. You know what I mean.我们不能一起玩了We can't hang out anymore.为什么Why?发生什么事了吗Did something happen?托尼看到我们的短信了Tony saw some of our messages.他很生气Guess he kind of lost it.卧槽Oh, shit.而且现在我爸也回来了Yeah, and now my dad is here,整天都盯着我looking over my shoulder every two seconds.太烦了This sucks.你是我唯一的朋友You're, like, the only friend I have.我也是Yeah. Same.我是说 你是我的I mean, you're mine.我的朋友 我...My friend. I...我都不会跟自己做朋友I wouldn't be friends with myself.天哪 你可真笨Gosh, you're so dumb.德林娜 让我进来Drina, let me in!这也是我的房间It's my room, too!我 我得挂了I-I got to go.-好吧 改天见  -好- Okay, I'll see you around. - Yeah. Okay.-再见  -拜拜- Okay. Bye. - Bye.真是对不起  我以为能多待一会儿Sorry about this. I was hoping to stay a while.你还好吗You all right?你用的什么词来着What'd you call it?是心痒痒吗An itch?我和吉娜的关系The thing I had with Gina.是不是...Is that all it is...就像你和玛姬you and Maggie?你在挠痒痒吗You scratching an itch?我懂你的意思I mean, I get it.她... 是个漂亮的女人She's... A beautiful woman.又聪明绝顶Smart as fuck.特意来帮助你Gone out of her way to help you.帮助我们To help us.我要跟你说你对我说过的同样话I'm gonna tell you the same thing that you told me.别投入感情Don't get emotionally involved.你不会想误机的You don't want to miss your flight.你在这儿就像个隐士You're like a hermit up in here.你要干什么What are you up to?开箱整理Unpacking.那你真是很不擅长这个Well, you fuckin' suck at it.知道吗 你让我惊讶 方索You know, you surprise me, Fonso.你来这里好几天了 但你没做任何You've been here for days now, and you have yet to do anything,不合适的事indecent.我为了我的女儿来这里的I'm here for my girls.只是...Just...为了你女儿for your girls?怎么了What's wrong?我们的孩子都结婚了Our kids are married.好像你把那当回事一样Like you give a shit about that.可能你是对的Maybe you were right.你在墓地跟我说的话What you said to me at the cemetery.什么话 关于我们的吗What? About us?我去到哪里 哪里就有人受伤Everywhere I go, people get hurt.我的家人值得更好的人My family deserves better.你值得更好的人You deserve better.你这想法都他妈从哪里来的Where the hell is this coming from?我们应该离彼此远一点We should stay away from each other.这对所有人都是最好的It's best for everybody.选一张 随便哪张Pick a card. Any card.我不觉得我是合适的人选Oh, I don't think I'm the right person for this.上一次我自己装饰的东西The last time I decorated anything myself还是我宿舍的圣诞树it was the Christmas tree in my dorm room.来吧Come on.差点忘了Oh, before I forget.我想到了 在你恐惧之后I figured after your scare,你可以用一些东西来放松you could use something to calm the nerves.蓝色玛瑙代表宁静和疗愈So blue agate represents serenity and healing.谢谢你Thank you.-我自己更喜欢波本威士忌  -我也是- I prefer bourbon, myself. - Me, too.但是 希望这个可以帮我度过难关But, hopefully, this will tide me over.所以我要把它放在哪So where do I put this?你床上方Above your bed.你睡觉的时候 能量就能沐浴着你The energy will wash over you while you sleep.这个颜色可能挺适合这房间You know, this might be a good color for the room.我也考虑过蓝色I was looking at the blues.但我觉得红色也会很有趣But I think red could be fun, too.不管你怎么折腾这房间Hm. Well, whatever you do with this room,你得在角落里放个婴儿床you should put a crib in the corner我要睡觉的时候可以把宝宝放在那so I can drop the baby off when I need to sleep.我有点想念有个小家伙在身边的感觉I kind of miss having a little one around.至少你知道要怎么照顾小孩At least you know what to do with one.我就跟无头苍蝇一样I am flying completely blind here.我是说... 帕斯是个很好的朋友 但...I mean... Paz is a great friend but...他不知道自己在干什么He doesn't know what he's doing.感觉我只能要求他那么点东西There's just only so much I feel I can ask of him.我怀孕的时候Well, during my pregnancy,查理一直在工作Charlie was working all the time.那很难It was hard.我感到很孤独I felt so alone.我以前觉得我一个人的话...I used to think that I'd be better off like that...会过的更好by myself.但现在我觉得那只是But now I just think that's something孤独的人安慰自己的话lonely people tell themselves.实际上 我不知道You know, honestly, I have no idea要怎么度过这难关how I'm gonna get through this.橘子橙Orange marmalade.不 不要No. Nope.不要No.这里的公司有一种新趋势There's a new trend of companies here引进外部顾问bringing in external consultants与我们的客户和团队成员一起工作to work with our clients and our team members.我们很高兴你们能来We're excited to have you here.我之前发送过来的建议The proposal that I sent over earlier更详细地介绍了我们对于offers a more detailed look at our strategy改变你们公司文化的策略for changing the culture in your company.我只想说 方案可以根据你们的需求Suffice to say, it is designed to be malleable进行调整depending on your needs.在其他地方也证明It is an approach that has proved这个策略很成功very successful elsewhere.我们有信心这个策略在这里也能起作用And we are confident that it will work well here, as well.是的 说的对Yeah. That's right.我们能适应Um, and we can adapt你们的任何需要to whatever you need.这些就是你们带来的东西So these are the objects you've brought in.那么明显吗That obvious?我不需要超能力就能认出妈宝男I don't need special powers to ID a mama's boy.我很惊讶 也很感动你竟然让我拿着这个I'm surprised and touched you'd even let me hold this.我想这球几乎没出过盒子吧I doubt it's even left its case very much.这个MLB的标志说明这是个比赛用球[美国职业棒球大联盟]The MLB logo makes it a game ball.这里有磨损 但是没有签名There's a scuff, but there's no signature.这是个界外球吗Was it a foul ball?是的Yes, it was.但你都没去看比赛But you weren't even at the game.-没去  -那太遗憾了- No. - That's too bad.我听说是场精彩的比赛It was a good one, I heard.精彩的比赛很少见Perfect games are rare.只有可能是个巨人队投手Only one by a Giants pitcher.天啊Holy shit.说对了吗Is that right?麦特·肯恩 2012的时候Matt Cain, back in 2012.现在到你了...Now you...我们不需要把所有本事都显露出来We don't need to give away all our goods.一直吊着他们胃口 不是吗Always leave them wanting more, right?拜托Oh, come on.我打赌他的同事会很想听I bet his colleagues would love to hear关于他前女友的事about his ex-girlfriend.你们已经没在一起了 对吗You're no longer together, are you?嗯No.但你留着这个作为纪念But you kept this as a remembrance.她把这个留在我那儿She left that at my place.她提出的分手She broke it off.你想念她You miss her.但你会赢回她的But you're gonna win her back.她...She, uh...她去世了She passed away.一年前About a year ago.我很抱歉...I-I'm sorry. Uh...我很抱歉I'm sorry.-刚刚他妈怎么回事  -你想我说什么- What the hell was that? - What do you expect?我不习惯这种... 所有这些快速转场I'm not used to this... all these quick turnarounds.-我很疲惫  -别给我鬼扯- I'm exhausted. - Don't give me that shit.我们做了调查的We had the research.你在那儿得把它背出来You're the one that went off-book in there.-别搞破坏 查理  -我没有搞破坏- Don't sabotage this, Charlie. - I'm not sabotaging it.这样的消息会很快在公司之间传开的Word gets around like wildfire in companies like this.今天我们能进入这个圈子就够难了As difficult as it was for me to get us in there today,明天难度会加倍it will be twice as hard tomorrow.我明白 我明白I get it. I get it.我们正处于某种危险之中We are on the precipice of something here.我知道你能感觉到I know you can feel that.你就是害怕You're just scared.他们不需要像我这样的人They don't need someone like me.或许他们和帕斯那样的会比较好Maybe they're better off with someone like Paz.可能... 可能让你来更好Maybe... Maybe you're better off.去你的Oh, for fuck's sake.让你放下这些想法就这么难吗Is it so hard for you to drop this shit,连一个小时也不行吗just for an hour?你的妻子了 你的家人了Your wife, your family.你以为我没有家人吗You don't think I have someone?这他妈的很难 但我把它藏在心里It's fucking hard, but I bury it.我把这些情感放在一边 为了工作I put it to one side for the sake of the work,为了我们要达成的目标for the sake of what we are trying to achieve.坐早班机回去Take an earlier flight back.我在这儿还有生意 周末还有一场静修班I still have business up here and a retreat this weekend.回家陪你的家人去吧 查理Go home to your family, Charlie.我以为你整晚都会在这里I thought you were gonna be in here all night.你知道我的You know me.我总是在洗澡的时候做最坏的打算I always do my worst thinking in the shower.我一直在想一些我自己的坏打算I've been doing some thinking of my own.我们这个周末就走吧Let's get away this weekend.蒙特利 卡梅尔...Monterey, Carmel...拍一些海狮的照片Take pictures of the sea lions.喝当地的葡萄酒喝到醉Get drunk on local wine.听起来很棒Sounds amazing.但我不能就这样打包东西离开这里But I can't just pick up and leave town.告诉他是个聚会Tell him it's a reunion.以前俱乐部的老朋友们Your old friends from the Club.他知道我不再和那些姑娘来往了He knows I don't talk to those girls anymore.下周末如何Next weekend?不行I can't.有行的时候吗Will you ever?我有自己的责任I have responsibilities.那你对我的责任呢What about your responsibility to me?你开启的这段关系And this thing that you started.不只是意乱情迷It isn't just some infatuation.比那要多It's more than that.我也不知道是什么I don't know what it is.但要让我离开我的家人...But if you're asking me to leave my family...他不能让你幸福He doesn't make you happy.他是我的伴侣He's my partner.我是你的爱人I'm your lover.你要想清楚谁对你更重要You got to figure out what means more to you.鱼和熊掌不可兼得You can't have it both ways.也许这就是问题吧Maybe that's the problem.也许我就想兼得Maybe I want both.你好Hi.这是我儿子 凯文This is my son, Kevin.第一次来First time.非常激动Very excited to be here.我爸爸呢Where's my dad?他没和你一起吗He's not with you?我们也是刚刚到We just got here ourselves.你这是怎么了What's the matter with you?-没怎么  -肯定有事儿- Ahh. Nothing. - Something happened.告诉我 也许我能帮你Tell me, maybe I can help you.没用的 全完了There's no point. Everything's fucked."人就像钢铁一样"Men are like steel.不经过回火 就没有价值"[lose temper也有无法控制情绪的意思]When they lose their temper, they lose their worth."李小龙说的Bruce Lee.查克·诺里斯说的[李小龙的对手]Chuck Norris.快点 跟我说说吧Come on. Talk to me.就那么一秒钟我放松了警惕I dropped my guard for one second.好让自己快活会儿Allowed myself to be happy,老天爷就教训我了and the universe just clobbered me.拿过来Give me that.你给我听好了Now, you listen to me.我们刚步入正轨We got a good thing going here.我不能让你沉沦下去I can't have you losing your shit.我不清楚具体怎么回事Now, I don't know what's going on,但你最好振作起来but you better get it together.你给我仔细听着This is what's gonna happen.现在就回家 好好洗个澡You're gonna go home, and you're gonna take a shower.换上一身新衣服You're gonna put on some new clothes,然后给我他妈振作起来and you're gonna man the fuck up.来吧Come on.快点儿Come on.好了There you go.谢谢你Thank you.没事Okay.出什么事了The fuck was that?散开 没事了Break it up. It's okay.都让开 好了 大家都冷静Break it up. It's okay. Everybody be calm.他摔倒不能怪我It's not my fault he fell for it.-怎么回事  -她耍赖- What happened? - She cheated!我没有耍赖 只是虚晃一下I didn't cheat! I feinted.他以为我要攻上路 但我打的下路He thought I was gonna go high, but I went low.她踢了他的蛋She kicked him in the nuts.她这是跟谁学的呢I wonder where she got that from.好了 马特奥 起来吧All right, Mateo, shake it off.我们在学格斗的风格We were learning about fighting styles.我属于进攻性I'm an offensive fighter.在对方出招前先出唬住他I trick them before they can trick me.这叫"虚澡"It's called bathing.亲爱的 你说的是"虚招"吧Honey, I think you mean the word "Baiting."没错Yeah.我以前跟你说过你是天才吗I ever tell you you're a genius?你一直这么说All the time.太棒了Excellent.准备Jun-Bi!你一个人吗You alone?是啊Hey. Yeah.我妈妈在给人看掌纹My mom's in a reading right now.你来干什么What are you doing here?想给你样东西Just wanted to give you something.这是你写的吗Did you write this?克劳德特的事很遗憾I'm sorry about Claudette.你说得对You were right.她没说实话She wasn't being honest.非常感谢Thank you so much.这太奇妙了That was wonderful.谢谢你让我开了眼I appreciate you opening my eyes.咱们下周见And I'll see you next week.你还好吗 宝贝Are you okay, honey?你看着跟发烧了似的You look like you have a fever.估计是空调坏了吧I think the AC's broken in here.我要去取刷接待室的油漆I'm gonna go pick up some paint for the parlor.介意诺娅来吃晚饭吗Do you mind if Nora comes over for dinner?不 当然不介意Yeah. Why not.你把这些收拾完吧 我一小时后回来Why don't you finish this up. I'll be back in an hour.谢谢 伙计Thanks, man.我会几个动作I've got moves.-过来  -别- Come here. - No!-你没听过这歌吗  -没有- You've never heard this song? - No.那我这妈妈做得太失败了Then I have failed you as a mother.你这标准定的太低了That's a pretty low bar you set.爸爸Hey, Dad.还以为你今天回不来了呢We thought you weren't gonna be back until tomorrow.我决定早点儿回来I decided to come back early.看来是选了黄色啊So you went with yellow.都说这会唤起温馨乐观的感觉They say it evokes feelings of warmth and optimism.你觉得呢What do you think?我觉得看着很棒I think it looks great.查理Hi, Charlie.旧金山这趟怎么样How was your trip to San Francisco?又冷又多雾Foggy and cold.我累坏了 打算直接I'm exhausted, so I'm gonna just进屋去早点儿睡觉了 好吗hit the hay a little early tonight, okay?确定吗Are you sure?我们正准备吃晚饭呢We were about to sit down to dinner.我确定Yeah, I'm sure.尼克Nick.去收拾桌子吧Go get cleaned up.-好的  -我该走了- Okay. - I should go.-不用  -要的- No. - Yeah.-感觉我在中间多余了  -别说傻话了- I feel like I'm in the way. - Oh, don't be silly.我确定查理更想和家人待会儿I'm sure Charlie would rather just spend time with the family.没问题的It's fine.我... 明天给你打电话 好吗I- I... I'll call you, okay?"双唇已干 夜不能眠Mouth dry. I'm awake.心跳若狂 跃至耳边My heartbeat travels from chest to ears.佳人何往Where is she?欢声依旧That laugh was hers.萦绕此间That laugh was here.我自孑然...But I am alone...色之繁丰 质之绵绵Rich colors, soft textures.佳人何往Where is she?自顾镜中双眼I greet my eyes in the reflection,惶恐漫淹overwhelmed with dread.遍寻伊人不见I look for her inside.欲阖双眸睑犹颤My eyes quiver as I force them closed.愿返旧年华Please send me back to our memories.与君共翩翩"Back to where I can be with you.是我啊Hey, uh, I-it's me.我知道现在非常早 但你们能来一趟吗I know it's super-early, but can you guys come over?有点急事It's an emergency.查理 快起来Charlie. Get up.他从后门进来吵醒了我He came in through the back gate and woke me up.他手上有划伤 但不让我离近了看He's got a cut on his hand, but he won't let me get near it.完全语无伦次 自言自语He's totally out of sorts, talking to himself.-他还要见你  -见我- And he's asking for you. - Me?对 所以才给你们打电话 他说他需要你Yeah. That's why I called, because he said he needed you.帕斯 帕斯Paz. Paz?查理Charlie!坚持住 会好的 一切都会好的Hold on. Everything's all right. Everything's gonna be fine.不 不是的 你不明白No, no, you don't understand. You don't understand.没有了I've lost it.我和宇宙之间的联系被切断了My connection to the universe has been severed.我什么都听不到I hear nothing.只剩下噪音Only the noise!全消失了 消失无踪It's gone. It's gone for good!什么消失了 怎么了What's gone? What's gone?查理 你必须帮我 好吗Charlie, you have to help me, okay?听着 你有幻视 你能...Listen, with your visions, you can...你能帮我沟通 找出来我哪做错了you can communicate for me and find out what I did wrong.你什么都没做错You haven't done anything wrong.错了 肯定有错I did! I must have.我不知道 但肯定有事不对I don't know. Something's not right.我觉得...I feel like...是我让她失望了I let her down.就是这原因... 我让她失望了That's what happened... I let her down.你说的是谁 哪个她Who are you talking about? Who's her?看见没 这就是我以前听不清的时候的样子See? This is how it was before I had the clarity, right?在我没有能力之前 我脑海中的声音...This is how it was before. The voices in my head...它们都只说一次They're all just talking all at once.我不能强迫它们出声I can't make them out.现在我又回到了原点Now I'm back there again.又听不清了I just lost the clarity.行了 听我说All right. Listen to me.-都消失了  -听我说- It's gone. - Listen to me.我会帮你找到方法的I'm gonna help you find some clarity.没想到你会打给我I didn't expect to hear from you.-触发词是哪个  -什么- What's the trigger word? - What?触发词 你就是这么做的 不是吗The trigger word. That's how you do it, right?你催眠了他You hypnotize him.你告诉他所有信息You feed him all the information.让他觉得那是自己的天赋He thinks it's his gift.查理 发生了什么Charlie, what's going on?他出了点状况He's having some kind of episode.说宇宙停止和他对话了Claims the universe has stopped talking to him.而很显然 宇宙是位女性And, apparently, the universe is a she?是我的错This is my fault.我好几周没和他一起工作了I haven't worked with him for weeks.因为你跟我搭伙了Because you've been working with me.没错Yes.他需要帮助Well, he needs his fix.告诉我触发词是什么 还是我得猜Tell me the word or do I have to guess?真理Vérité.-是法语  -法语是吧- It's French. - French.我知道I know it.你要做什么What are you gonna do?我要给他所需要的帮助I'm gonna give him the help he needs.真理Vérité.我觉得自己不太对劲I'm not feeling quite myself.-你能帮我吗  -当然 当然能- I wonder if you can help me? - Of course. Of course.好了 我带你去个安全的地方 好吗Okay, I'm gonna take you someplace safe, okay?噢 我的精修版 这周末还有一场Oh, my retreat! This weekend.帕斯 现在不想这个Uh, let's not focus on that right now, Paz.我不能让我的探索者失望I can't let my seekers down.他们需要我的指引They need my guidance.我希望你不要担心这些I don't want you worrying about that.-你来做吧  -什么- You'll do it. - What?查理 求你了Charlie, please.接手静修班吧Take over the retreat.他们和我一样需要帮助They need help as much as I do.我做不了I can't.玛姬会在的Maggie will be there.她会告诉你怎么做的She'll talk you through it.先去带你做个检查Let's get you checked out.我觉得这是个好主意I think that's a good idea.自制松饼Homemade muffins.我自己做的Made them myself.你可以尝尝 我还有一个I've got an extra if you want to try one.我正在减肥I'm watching my waist.原谅我的唐突Forgive my rudeness.阿方索·马克思Alfonso Marks.我妈跟我说在这能找到你My mother told me where to find you.希望没打扰你I hope that's okay.她还跟你说什么了What else did she tell you?说你在找我That you've been looking for me.或者我该说 是在调查我Or looking into me, I should say.你是过来自首的You're here to turn yourself in.我只是有条购物街而已I'm just a guy who owns a strip mall.没那么有吸引力I'm not that interesting.但我见过一些事...But I've seen some things...知道一些...know some things...有吸引力的事that might be.我有种感觉 福斯特I've got a feeling, Foster,我俩会成为好朋友that you and I are gonna be great friends.那可说不好 马克思先生Well, that depends, Mr. Marks.做我朋友规矩可多着呢There are a lot of rules involved in being my friend.而且通常会让你树一些新仇家And it usually requires making a few new enemies.我仇家人本来就挺多I got plenty of those.多几个也无妨What's a few more.爸爸Dad.我以为你去静修班了I thought you left for the retreat?我... 我先去了趟医院I... I stopped by the hospital first.你个家伙 怎么没上课反而在家What the hell are you doing home from school?我们有半天假 行政类假期吧We just had a half day. Some administrative holiday.尼克 别扯了Nick, come on.你知道最好别跟我撒谎You know better than to try to lie to me.爸 我要过不了了Dad, I was gonna fail.-什么过不了  -一次科学考试- Fail what? - A science test.我... 我学习不够努力I... I just... I didn't study hard enough.都在店里帮妈妈Uh... I was helping Mom out at the shop.这不是真话That's not the real reason.是因为你老发短信It's your texting.所以学习不够努力You're not studying hard enough.-知道了吗  -知道了- Got it? - Got it.我周日才能回来Now, I'm gonna be gone till Sunday.-你一个人可以吗  -没事 可以的- You gonna be okay?  - Yeah. Yeah.我... 我都16岁了 爸爸I... I... I'm... I'm 16, Dad.是啊Exactly.我知道我老是不在家I know I haven't been home that much,但我会弥补你的but I'm gonna make it up to you.下周末我们一起去六旗乐园怎么样How about we go to Six Flags next weekend?好啊 去吧Yeah. Yeah, cool.过来Here.等我回家 可不想看见When I come home, I don't want to see家里到处都是空的披萨盒empty pizza boxes all over the place.带妈妈去吃点好的吧 好吗Why don't you take your mom somewhere nice, okay?好吗Okay?好的Okay.有事就打给我Call me if you need anything.我以为他马上就会进来了I thought he was gonna come in here for a second.是啊Yeah.他就像是 脑子里一起装着20件事He's got, like, 20 things on his mind right now,但都跟我无关so none of them are me.我知道这种感觉I know the feeling.我得在两点半之前So, I, uh, have to be back回到学校前门in front of the school by 2:30.莎伦在那接我Sharon's picking me up.那么...So, uh...你想做点什么What do you want to do?就像是每次有选择摆在面前时It's like every time there's a choice to be made,我总是会选错I make the wrong one.也许我需要有人在我脑子里告诉我该怎么想...Maybe I need someone in my head telling me what to think...告诉我该说什么telling me what to say.你有啊You already do.我不是说我... 我说的是玛姬I'm not talking about me... I'm talking about Maggie.那不就是你的小把戏吗Isn't that how your little trick works?她就在你耳朵里说话She's literally in your ear.你他妈在这干嘛What the hell are you doing here?和你的小伙伴一起Just hitching a ride to the retreat搭车去静修班啊with your buddy here.顺便问一句 他为什么能坐副驾驶By the way, why does he get the front seat?他都不能说话He doesn't even talk.不是吧Come on.你说得好像多想我们一样You were just talking about how much you missed us.等等Wait.你是幻象而已You're a vision.也许是你的幻想呢Or maybe a fantasy.我问墨菲怎么在这I'd ask why Murphy was here,但接着 你的兴趣就变得but then, your interests have been非常超前了quite progressive lately.现在换作你有小三了 感觉怎么样 查理How's it feel to be the one with a side chick, Charlie?你想要什么What do you want?你这问题离得有点远That's not remotely the right question,不过我们会谈到的but we'll get to that.也许你应该多注意下路况You may want to pay a little more attention to the road.琳达Linda?琳达Linda.