"迷眼" 前情提要...Previously on "Shut Eye"...这他妈的可是军事级别This shit is military-grade.我们杀死了一个该死的军火走私贩We killed a fuckin' gunrunner.-预付50 货到再付100  -货到再付125- 50 down, 100 on delivery. - 125 on delivery.坐过去点Scoot over.你在给谁发短信Who are you textin'?学校里的朋友Friend from school.小托尼还没有到能独当一面的年纪Li'l Tony is not yet of age to contribute to the household.你想要长老会再接纳方索吗You want the Council to restore Fonso?我们希望召开一次长老会 考虑下这个提议We want a kris to take this request into consideration.我的幻象 它们不见了My visions, they're gone!我已经有一个月没看到幻象了I haven't had one in a month.我找到你I didn't pursue you不是因为你的幻象because you can see things.而是因为你的天赋I pursued you because you have talent.-而且我还是个诈骗犯  -你的右手边第二排- And I'm in on the con. - Second row to your right.车祸 当时是她在开车Car accident. She was driving.她可能失去了自己的儿子She may have lost her son.你当时怀了多久How far along were you?五个月Five months.操 真牛Oh, damn!你在干嘛What are you doing?!我想在日出前练两拳I was just getting in a few licks before sunrise.-这是从哪儿来的  -"体育权威"买的- Where'd this come from? - Sports Authority.-我是说...  -我的新养生手段之一- I mean... - Just part of my new regimen.-为新投资吗  -为了我的总体健康- For your new venture? - For just my general wellbeing.-好吧  -亲爱的 我知道- Okay. - Honey, I know.你可能会担心玛姬的影响 但...You might be worried about Maggie's influence, but...我没有 只是你看上去...I'm not. You just seem so...突然变了different all of a sudden.怎么变了Different how?你不像你了You don't seem like you.没准是全新的我呢Maybe it's the new me.焕然一新New and improved.没准根本就不是你Maybe it's not you at all.人会变的 亲爱的People can change, honey.你没必要杞人忧天You don't have to be threatened by it.我没有I'm not.我要冥想了I need to meditate.噢 对不起Oh. Sorry.又是新养生手段吗For your new regimen?对 没错Yes. Yeah.厨房里有咖啡There's coffee in the kitchen.抱歉 抱歉 我吵醒你了吗Oh. Sorry, sorry. Did I wake you?不是 噩梦No. Bad dream.如果你需要我可以停下I can stop if you want.-随意练吧  -好- Knock yourself out. - Okay.票 票Tickets, tickets.有人看到我的登机牌没Has anyone seen my boarding pass?-打印机上  -不 没在那儿- Uh, the printer. - No, it's not there.喂 快把你的早饭吃了 你要迟到了Hey. Gotta eat your breakfast. You're gonna be late.-我吃完了  -没有吧- I'm done. - I don't think so.-吃点东西吧  -我吃完了 走吧- Eat something. - I'm done. Let's go.我得先和你爸聊点事Gotta go over some stuff with your dad first.明天三点这个 是什么活动What is this tomorrow at 3:00?面谈 探测师Uh, interview. Dowser.他用探测杖寻找水源Uses a divining rod to find water.我知道什么是探测师 你要探测师干什么I know what a dowser is. Why do you need one?忘记交水费了吗Did you forget to pay the water bill?他可能会是一笔新收入I think he might be a new source of revenue.咱家现在是旱季[经济不太好]We're in the middle of a drought.旱灾已经过了 爸Drought's over, Dad.那是假新闻的报道That's what the fake news says.-拜托  -票去哪儿了- Please. - Oh, where are these tickets?在你后裤兜里In your back pocket?-别紧张  -我没有- Don't be nervous. - I'm not.别跟我撒谎Don't lie to me.你一定会大获成功的You're gonna kick it in the ass.我希望你成功I want you to.谢谢Thanks.妈Mom!-早安  -早安 我们迟到了- Morning. - Morning! We're late.-我们也是  -我的亲亲呢- So are we. - Hey, where's my kiss?-一路顺风 亲爱的  -尼克- Safe flight, honey. - Nick.-干嘛  -听话- What? - Be good.再见Bye.这就是纯美式So, this is what an all-American,幸福家庭的样子吗happy family looks like?纯美式 看起来幸福All-American, happy-ish.别那么紧张Hey, don't be so nervous.没事的It's gonna go fine.-啥  -看看你- Huh? - Look at you.你能行的You got this.你要真想担心的话You want something to worry about,担心咱们即将来临的交易吧[军火交易]worry about our upcoming transaction.-你是说...  -对- You mean...? - Yeah.我们今晚就要装好箱We have to load up tonight.今晚Tonight?我以为这周末才会处理I thought that wasn't until the end of the week.我明天没空I can't load up tomorrow.马泰奥在学校要表演节目Mateo is in a school play.那好Okay.快来啊Oh, come on.靠Shit.你最好离开这儿You better get outta here.行 祝你好运All right. Hey, good luck.欢迎 大吉姆Welcome. Big Jim!抱歉 约瑟普Sorry. Josip.就这里啊This is it.挺好的 对吗Great, isn't it?这儿什么都有 便利店 柔道馆We got everything. Mini-mart, dojo.运动酒吧Sports bar.当铺Pawn shop.当铺最近暂时停业Pawn shop's closed temporarily.拉丁税务 你能想到的...Latin Tax. Whatever you can...我听说你有家灵媒电询中心[电信诈骗中心]I understand you have a psychic call center.这边请Right this way.-挺厉害的  -谢谢- That's impressive. - Thanks.抽雪茄吗Cigar?垃圾雪茄Shitty cigar.我能指望你这种垃圾有什么好东西What do I expect from a piece of shit like you?我... 正在改过自新Well... trying to improve myself.何必呢Why bother?你生来就是垃圾You were born a piece of a shit.你死后也是垃圾You're gonna die a piece of shit.老天 真怀念你老爸 蒂伯才清楚治家之道God, I miss your father. Tibor knew how to run a family.格调十足 他的姿态之潇洒Did it with class. He did it with panache.你知道那是什么意思吗Do you even know what that is?不 不太理解No. No, not really.我能指望垃圾干什么好事What do I expect from a piece of shit?你觉得我有机会吗 约瑟普You think I got a chance, Josip?长老会那边With the Council?我他妈不知道 我他妈也不在乎I don't fuckin' know, and I don't fuckin' care.这雪茄真垃圾And it's a shitty cigar.等一下 好吗Just one second, okay?就一会儿A few minutes.不 是别处 我知道他们很困惑No, the other location. I know they're confusing.我... 地址我给你发短信I'll... I'll... I'll text you that address.好的 行 再见Okay, yeah. Okay, bye-bye.我等了八百年了I've been waiting forever.我得把小孩送去上学I had to drop my kid off at school.查理在哪儿Well, where's Charlie?他出城了He's out of town.又怎么了What now?你让不让我进去呢You gonna let me in, or what?这又是干嘛What was that about?你不是被驱逐了吗I thought you were banished.确实I am.暂时For now.我正努力回去呢Trying to work my way back in.那方索华多怎么办What about Fonsuardo?啥东西The fuck?你和爱德华多 就像布拉吉丽娜[布拉德·皮特与安吉丽娜·朱莉]You and Eduardo. You know, like Brangelina.这段特别的关系确实很让我受益Hm. Well, that particular relationship has been fruitful,但不只是那样but, it's more than that.我正在努力向善 希望能得到些善报I've been putting good into the world, hoping to get some back.我知道I know.听着不像我自己Doesn't sound like me.也许是一个新的你Maybe it's the new you.新衣服 新态度New threads, new attitude.-我需要你帮个忙  -查理不在- I need a favor. - Charlie's not here.不是那种忙Not that kind of favor.能帮我看看手相吗You mind taking a look?看我会不会成功See if this is gonna work out for me?我不需要看I don't need to look.你正在努力向善You're putting good into the world.好人会有好报的Good will come back to you.真的吗You think?人会变的People can change.大概吧I guess so.你看 咱俩现在这关系多不一样I mean, look how different things are between us now.如果你敞开胸怀 人与人之间的关系Things can change very quickly between people,可以变得很快if you're open to it.准备Jun-Bi.-你在学校里见德林娜了吗  -见到了- You see Drina at school? - Yeah.我见到她穿过食堂I saw her across the lunch room.这样可以么 还是我一见她就跑Is that okay or am I supposed to run when I see her?我没这么说I didn't say that.你在跟谁发短信Who you textin' with?就是在问数学作业I'm just gettin' the math homework.-这样吗  -是- Ah. - Yeah.数学作业有这么好笑吗Must be some pretty funny math homework.不是 这是吉米Well, no, no, no. This is just Jimmy.他很幽默He's a funny guy.我爸啥时候回来So, when does Dad come back?-看来你挺想他吗  -好吧 如果你真想知道- You must really miss him. - Okay, if you wanna know,是因为老爸不会管我发短信的Dad doesn't bug me about my texts.他应该管 因为管你He should, 'cause bugging you就是在保护你is actually trying to protect you.好吧 原来你这么有责任心Uh-huh. Sure. Yeah. You're the responsible one.喂 说话注意点Hey. Watch it.-嗨  -嗨- Hey. - Hey.我们原本是不是要去徒步Were we supposed to go for a hike?三天前的事儿了Yeah, three days ago.你不是有数学作业吗Don't you have math homework?怎么了Yeah?你还错过了上周的徒步And you missed our hike last week, too,还有上上周的 还有...and the week before that, and...我在避开你I was avoiding you.还正纳闷为啥呢Yeah, I'm wondering why.我在避免和你进行开诚布公的交流I guess I was avoiding having an honest conversation因为with you,没有效果which didn't work.所以我在试着往反方向走So, I'm gonna try the opposite now.好一个演绎推论Deductive reasoning.我喜欢I like it.我有个坏习惯I have this bad habit of fucking up总会把我生活中的好事情搞砸the good things in my life而你又对我这么好 所以...and you have been good to me, so...我肯定会搞砸of course, I'm gonna try to fuck it up.我不想伤害你I don't want to hurt you.你不会的You won't.我已经试过了I've already tried.所以别再试了Yeah, so don't try again.因为 我很想你'Cause, um, I've missed you.我也很想你I missed you, too.我不想失去你I don't want to lose you.这个朋友As a friend.不会的You won't.至少接下来几个小时不会的For the next few hours, anyway, because因为我要给你做晚饭I am gonna make you dinner.-真的吗  -当然- Really? - Yeah.舞台左边 第四排 红发男子Stage left, row 4. Ginger gentleman.是我Yeah.朋友 你叫什么What's your name, friend?-加文  -加文 跟我聊聊这个吧- Gavin. - Gavin, tell me about this.我在工作上遇到很大压力I guess I've had a lot of stress at work.很多人都讨厌他们的工作 加文Lots of people hate their jobs, Gavin.-为什么不辞职  -我必须得工作- Why not quit? - I have to work.没人必须要做任何事No one has to do anything.都是个人选择It's a choice.你选择工作 来养活自己You choose to work to feed yourself.你选个工作来养活..You choose to work to feed...-妻子和女儿  -... 你的妻子和女儿吗- Wife and daughter. - ...your wife and daughter?是的Yeah.我们要懂自己的选择We have to own our choices这样我们才能明白为什么会这样选择so we can understand why we make them.说得对 我并不讨厌我的工作You're right. And I don't hate my job.我是讨厌我的老板I hate my boss.老板... 兰德尔 等等Boss... Randall. Hold tight.收到没Got it?也许是因为...Perhaps it's because...他让你想起了你的父亲he reminds you of your father.-是的  -嗯- Mm. - Mm.告诉我你真心想要什么 加文Tell me what you really want, Gavin.-我想要个新工作  -你确定吗- I-I want a new job. - Are you sure?一个新工作A new job?因为你刚说 你喜欢你的工作'Cause you just said you like your job.加文 我有个朋友讲过一个故事Gavin, a friend of mine told me a story在六世纪的时候 有位修士 叫做努尔西亚的本笃[本笃会的创始人]about a 6th-century monk, Benedict of Nursia.你也知道的 修士们... 他们跪拜 祈祷And you know monks... they kneel, they pray,整天酿造啤酒and they make beer all day.这位修士This monk有一天突然决定decided one day that it was impossible for him他无法在陷落的罗马帝国to live a virtuous life过上贞洁的生活in the fallen Roman Empire.所以他建了个修道院So, he makes a monastery自己隐居起来and he secludes himself there.听着不错吧Doesn't that sound awesome?就这样离开Just walk away,到新的地方去someplace new?重新开始Start over?没有任何负担 没有任何错误None of your baggage. None of your mistakes.很是诱惑It's tempting.想太多了No fuckin' way.你还要付房租You've got rent.还有家人要养活You've got a family.还有很多责任要承担You've got responsibilities.你不能离开You can't leave.你必须留下You stay.你要毁掉过去You tear it down.建立一个更好的自己You build someone better.你的混蛋父亲 和那个And your asshole father; and your asshole boss,让你想起你的混蛋父亲的混蛋老板who reminds you of your asshole father?这些全是借口They're all excuses!当然 借口让一切变得困难 还会让你放弃自己Sure, they make it hard, but mostly they make it easier变得轻松for you to quit on yourself但我不会放弃你的 加文and I'm not gonna quit on you, Gavin.我不会放弃你们任何一个人I'm not gonna quit on any of you,只要你们自己努力as long as you do the work,不过 你们的努力不该由我来做but it's not my job to do the work for you.对不起Sorry.我在这里是为了让你们保持诚实I'm here to keep you honest.告诉我 加文You tell me, Gavin,准备好做更好的自己了吗are you ready to build someone better?-我准备好了  -你要做- I am. - Are you gonna build更好的自己吗someone better?-是的  -说服我- I am. - Make me belive!我要做更好的自己I'm gonna build someone better.说得要让你自己相信Say it like you fuckin' mean it!我要做更好的自己I'm gonna build someone better!这就对了That's what I wanna hear!干得不错 查理Great work today, Charlie.那里太热了It was way too hot in there.我需要那里温度很低I need it to be sub-zero.我一出汗 耳机就会乱动When I sweat, the earwig moves around too much.我们已经降温了We kept it cold.是你的星光太璀璨了It's just the bright lights of stardom.后面的派对还需要表演The afterparty is still onstage, as far as we're concerned.哎Ugh!请大家出去一下Can you give us the room?能把手机给我吗May I have my phone back, please?你老婆给你打过电话You missed a call from your wife.她不知道你在演出吗Doesn't she know when you're onstage?我老婆想什么时候打电话就什么时候打There's never a bad time for my wife to call me我得给她回过去and I need to call her back.这么紧张啊Ooh, so tense!不过在台上看不出来But it doesn't show onstage.你今天像个摇滚明星一样You were a fucking rock star out there today.我就知道你的气场能填满那个地方 就像...I knew you had the presence to fill that space, like...大卫·科波菲尔David Copperfield.我还是个小孩的时候 他就让自由女神像消失了He made the Statue of Liberty disappear when I was a kid.你会在各种重要场合演出的 查理You're gonna play all the big spaces, Charlie.你会在麦迪逊广场演出You are going to play Madison Square Garden.好戏上演Showtime!嗨 谢谢你的到来Hi. Thanks for coming.-噢 可以吗  -没事 当然可以- Oh, do you mind? - Yeah, sure.好吧All right.好吧 开始Sure. There you go.你能稍等一下吗Can you please wait?-我是加文  -是的 我知道- It's Gavin. - Yeah, I know.-好吧  -里面见- All right. - I'll see you in here.-好吧 太棒了  -好吧- All right, great. - All right.好吧 准备好了吗All right, ready?-呃  -呃- Mmm! - Mm-hmm?集中注意力Concentrate.嘿Hey!不要去分析Don't analyze.不要去处理Don't process.只要接受就好了 然后...Just take in, and then...乔迪Jody.谢谢Thank you. I've been我整晚都在期待这一刻Waiting for this all night.噢 这也算萨泽拉克鸡尾酒啊Oh. Ooh. You call that a Sazerac?待在这里 不要走开 先生Stay right there. Don't move, mister.打扰一下Excuse me.噢喔 来吧Uh-oh. Here we go.是啊Yeah.一点点吗Skosh?你一定要把这个杯子凉一下You must chill the glass.加一块糖A cube of sugar.来两下安哥斯杜拉必打士酒Two dashes of Angostura.来三下贝萨梅颂干红葡萄酒Three dashes of Peychaud.一盎司健康的A healthy ounce黑麦酒of rye.少许苦艾酒Hint of absinthe.挤压一下Press你的柠檬your lemon.准备好酒杯Prime the glass.噢 我们来调制一杯更美味的酒吧Ohh. Let's build a better drink.接下来是谁 是谁Who's next? Who's next?麻烦 偶尔会发生Trouble. It happens.是啊 你不想接到警察的电话Yeah, you don't want a call from the cops.说到这个 我觉得每一位父母I think every parent, and speaking to this,可能至少都有过一次at least once maybe,-妈妈  -如果他们也有一个儿子...- Mom. - If they have a son...好吧 给我们讲一下你的故事Okay, let's hear one of your stories.那个玛姬That Maggie,她真的不简单she really is something.确实不简单Something, indeed.噢 好吧Oh, oh, okay.-这个好猜吗  -好猜- Is this a good one? - Yeah.呃 超帅 是位老牌电影明星Um, superhandsome, old movie star.快点啊 尼克 你会帮我猜吗Come on, Nick. Will you help me with this?-我都不知道这是谁  -不 不是...- I don't know who this is. - No, not...你不知道他是谁 这是什么意思What do you mean you don't know who this is?-蒙哥马利·克利夫特  -猜对了- Montgomery Clift? - Yes!搞定Done.下一个你来吗You next?借过一下Excuse me.好吧Okay.-牛仔 牛仔 西部牛仔  -是的- Cowboy. Cowboy. It's a Western. - Yes.-是啊 是一个人  -我要去卫生间- Yeah, uh, it's a person. - I have to pee.我是个孕妇 总想去卫生间 对不起啊Uh, I have a pregnant-lady bladder. Sorry.-她好酷啊  -是啊- She's cool. - She is.这很好啊This is very good.-嗨  -什么事- Hi! - What?-查理 我可以和你聊一下吗  -呃哼- Charlie, may I have a word? - Ahem.抱歉啊 可能要单独和他聊一下Sorry, might take him away for a second.-查理 走吧  -好吧- Charlie, come. - Yeah.走吧Come on.嘿Hey.我们玩的好开心啊 谢谢We had so much fun. Thank you.没什么谢的 是我的荣幸No, it was my pleasure.晚安Good night.刚刚玩的好开心啊 好开心啊That was fun. That was fun!我好高兴I'm glad.-噢  -看到你开心太好了- Ohhh! - It is good to see you having fun.见到你真好 玛姬It's good seeing you, Maggie.-晚安 查理  -晚安- Good night, Charlie. - Good night.晚安Good night.管他妈的Aw, fuck it.这是接收器...The receiver......这是麦克风...and the microphone.它是声控的It's voice-activated,所以你出去抛头露面时so all you need to do is talk into it只要对着它讲话就好了right before you go out and mingle.我佩服你的机灵劲儿I admire your ingenuity, but I don't think可我觉得约瑟普不会在长老会上认罪that Josip will sit down at the kris and confess to a crime.我们也认为不会We don't, either.噢 你是在害怕Oh! You are afraid我会告诉长老会我受监控了I'll tell the Council I'm under surveillance.他说你很精明He said you were a sharp one.我为什么要现在背叛你Why would I betray you now?我怎么知道你自始自终都没有背叛我们呢How do I know you haven't been betraying us all along?你这个职业罪犯You're a career criminal who wants me突然想让我相信你是个天真的女童军to suddenly trust her like she's a Girl Scout.不管她是什么人Whatever she is, she's smart enough她都很聪明和我们坦诚相见to play it straight with us.一个他妈的大骗子One fucking con artist who's willing to lie很乐意在另一堆大骗子面前撒谎to a bunch of other fucking con artists.你在我这里 就好了这么一点点You're about that much better in my book.你是女童军吗 西姆斯特工Were you a Girl Scout, Agent Sims?我的追随者比队伍里其他任何女生都多I sold more Tagalongs than any girls in my troop.你知道这也是金字塔骗局吗Well, do you realize it is the same kind of pyramid scheme?-好吧 啊  -不 不 那不是...- Okay, eh, eh, - No, no, no, no. There's no...我们还是关注回这里吧 听着...let's refocus here. Look...我是支持你的 但是I'm rooting for you, but,不要搞混淆了我的立场don't be confused about which side I'm on.好吧 如果你说教完了Okay, if you're done with your lecture, I'll go home我就回家去帮西姆拉准备了and help Simza get prepared.你不会希望我消失太久的You wouldn't want me missing too long.嘿Hey.他认为你很聪明He thinks you're smart enough不会忘记使用珠宝not to forget the jewelry,或破坏它or to tamper with it,或发现你自己不在家 把它弄丢or find yourself not at home and miss it altogether.'因为你会知道 你会发现的''Cause you'll know; you'll find out.我明白I understand.我会很小心保管我的...I'll be very careful with my...定制珠宝bespoke jewelry.总之 要小心And be careful in general.这些人都是杀手 你了解的These people are killers, you know.我当然知道Of course, I know.我也是其中之一I'm one of them.欢迎Welcome.请别客气Please make yourself at home.喝一杯吧Have a drink.或者三杯Or three.-西姆拉  - 欢迎 约瑟普- Simza. - Welcome, Josip.-一直都这么漂亮  -啊- Lovely as ever. - Ah.我猜这所房子的一家之主出现时我们就开始吗I suppose we'll begin when the head of the house appears?当然 他马上就下来Of course. He's coming right down.混蛋Piece of shit.你老公他妈的去哪里了Where the hell's your husband?情绪摇滚之王吗The Emo King?不知道他在瞎搞什么呢He's bummed about something.他在泳池边撅着嘴呢He's pouting by the pool.-好吧 你继续欢迎他们  -嗯- Okay, you keep welcoming them. - Mm-hmm.你好Hi.托尼Tony.托尼Tony!-怎么了  -"怎么了"- What? - "What?"你在让我难堪 好吗You're embarrassing me, okay?不只是我 而是整个家族And not just me, the whole family.我只是不懂意义何在I just don't see the point.接纳方索回来的意义吗In bringing Fonso back into the family?我才不在乎他I don't care about him.那你他妈的到底不明白什么Then what's the fuckin' point you don't see?我本该是一家之主I'm supposed to be the head of the family,可我他妈的连算术都做不好and I can't even do fucking math!我会帮你的 宝贝 永远都会I will help you, sweetie. I always do.我老婆的事你能帮我吗Can you help me with my wife?因为她不爱我Because she doesn't love me.你知道吗 我觉得我也不爱她And you know what? I don't think I love her.可是我们结婚了 我有妻子和工作But we're married and I've got a wife and a job我余生的每一件事情都被安排好了and everything else all set out for me for the rest of my life.我他妈觉得无聊透了I fucking suck at it all.一切都会好起来的It's gonna be okay.是吗 怎样好起来Yeah? How?一切都会好起来的It's gonna be okay.测试Testing?测试Testing?呃 这是Uh, this is, uh,一位大骗子向某个特别的女童军a con artist with a message for发送的消息a certain special Girl Scout.去你妈的Go fuck yourself!进来Yes?奶奶 大家都到了Grandma? Everyone's here.噢 你看起来真美Oh. You look so beautiful.-你也是  -噢- You, too. - Aw.-我喜欢你的项链  -喔- I like your necklace. - Oh.喔 这老玩意儿Oh, this old thing?奶奶Grandma.-谢谢你做的一切  -哦 不要急着谢我- Thanks for doing this. - Oh, don't thank me yet.首先 我们得让长老会相信First, we have to convince the Council你爸爸已经变了that your father has changed.希望他是真的变了And, hopefully, he has.走吧Let's go.是啊Yes.这个家的一家之主在哪儿Where's the head of the family?你看着的人正是You're lookin' at her.我指的是安东尼·兰科家的公子I meant Anthony Ranko II.小托尼在他房间Li'l Tony is in his room.和其他小孩子一样Like the other little children.那才是他该待的地方That's where he belongs.我在这里和你们一起 这才是我的归属And I am here with you, where I belong.-西姆拉... -你让我- Simza... - You're gonna let me把话说完have my say.现在 我曾经无数次站在长老会会议的后面Now, I have sat in the back of a million of these,紧紧闭着我的嘴keeping my mouth shut,因为我觉得这不是我的位置because I didn't think it was my place.现在Well,这是我的位置了this is my place now而且我已经受够了做老大的女人and I am fuckin' done being the boss' wife,做老大的老妈the boss' mother.我他妈才是老大I am the fuckin' boss我在这里告诉你们这些混蛋 事情该怎么做and I am here to tell you fucks what's what!现在...Now...我需要一个可靠的能赚钱的人来让我的公司重回正轨I need a solid earner to get my corporation back on track我的房子里有一堆孩子 他们需要一位父亲and I have a house full of kids who need a father.现在外面就有一个人There is someone just outside能同时满足这两个要求who fits both fuckin' bills.现在不管你们对于他还想说什么...Now, whatever else you want to say about him...相信我 我可以说更多...and trust me, I could say plenty...他已经处理好了那些烂事he has got his shit together now而且他深爱自己的孩子and he loves his kids.这样做很违反常规啊Well this is pretty unusual.去你妈的 吉姆Fuckin' A, Big Jim.去拿冰球Go for the hockey puck.舞台右侧 前排第五座Stage right, front row. Seat 5.这东西有些故事This has some stories to it.被击来击去很多次Been bounced around a lot.不能安分地待着Can't seem to sit still.不 这是真的No, really,这就是我现在的感受that's what I'm feeling.驻足不前Cold feet.你叫什么名字What's your name?伊丽莎白·丽斯Elizabeth. Liz.告诉我你在想什么 丽斯Tell me what's on your mind, Liz.我恋爱了I'm in love.但我觉得你并不开心I'm feeling you're not happy about that.这个冰球的意义是什么What's the significance of the hockey puck?嗯 我们... 我和我未婚夫在看鲨鱼队比赛Um, we were... My fiancé and I were at a Sharks game.它被撞偏到了看台上It got deflected into the stands.他像猫一样快速地抓住了它 是吗And he caught it with his catlike reflexes?他猫低了 是我抓到了He ducked, and I caught it.哦 不 我觉得很糟糕Oh, no, I feel so bad.他是这世上最温柔 最好的男人He's the sweetest, nicest guy in the world.但不是个冰球手But not a hockey player.不是冰球手Not a hockey player.她三岁时候父母离异Parents split when she was three.她妈妈再嫁了个年轻男子 之后就搬走了Mum remarried a younger man. They moved away.你在害怕什么 丽斯What are you afraid of, Liz?你说对了You were right.我是恋爱了 但是...I am in love, but...不是和他not with him.我很害怕我可能再也感受不到真爱...I was afraid that I would never feel real love...但是我现在感受到了but now I am我害怕伤了他and I'm afraid of hurting him.世上最温柔 最好的男人The sweetest, nicest guy in the world.你就是在伤害他 因为你对他不坦诚You are hurting him, by not being honest with him.如果你已经伤了他And, if you're already hurting him,那你伤害自己又有什么意义呢what's the sense in hurting yourself, too?但是你还没有回答我的问题But you haven't answered my question.你在害怕什么What are you afraid of?害怕得到像你妈妈那样的下场吗That you'll end up being just like your mom?她抛弃了你父亲 对吧She left your dad, didn't she?-是  -你爸爸也是- Yeah. - And he was also世上最温柔 最好的男人the sweetest, nicest guy in the world,你不想像你妈妈一样and you don't want to be just like her.你不是她You're not her.我知道这一点 因为你在这里I know that because you're here.你想成为更好的自己You're trying to build someone better.但是变成更好的自己 你必须非常诚实But to do that, you have to be brutally honest.不要害怕自己看起来很自私Don't be afraid of looking selfish.我们都自私 生性如此We're all selfish. It's human nature.这并不坏It's not bad.不 不 不 不是这个No, no, no. Th-That's not it.你...What...?你真正害怕的是什么 丽斯What are you truly afraid of, Liz?既然我感受到真爱了Now that I feel it, true love,如果我抓不住怎么办what if I can't have it?如果现在我知道自己正在失去什么What if, now I know what I'm missing知道自己只能孤独地活着 会怎么样and I have to live without it?你还好吗 我还没有查到更多信息Are you okay? I haven't got any more.你会找到自己生命中的真爱的 丽斯You're gonna find true love in your life, Liz.你会比你想象中更能控制它You're more in control of it than you think.你需要解脱出来 为自己争取真爱You need to go out and get it for yourself.我们继续Let's keep going.给我信息时候要更快一点You have to be quicker on the draw.戴着这些耳机 我差点走错I was halfway across the wrong side of the room走到房间的另一边with those earmuffs.还有 拜托 不要和我闲聊And, please, do not chat with me.好的 老大Yes, sir.你的电话 老大And your phone, sir.你老婆又给你打电话了Your wife called again.我要睡觉了 我精疲力尽了I'm gonna hit the hay. I am exhausted,站一天累死了being on my feet.我以前都是坐着工作的I'm used to doing this sitting down.你还以为你以前是个魔术师呢I thought you were a magician.那是我12岁的事了When I was 12.去休息吧Get some rest.诺娅Nora.抱歉啊Hey, I'm so sorry.没事的It's okay.琳达 我觉得有什么错了Linda, I think that something's wrong.-怎么了  -我不知道- What is it? - I don't know.-呃 但是很痛  -你打电话给医生了吗- Uh, but it hurts. - Did you call your doctor?打了 你现在能过来吗Unh-unh. Can you just come here?打电话给医生 我马上来Call your doctor. I'll be right there.我要出去一趟I gotta run out.为什么 怎么了Why? What is it?我朋友生病了I got a sick friend.如果你找不到我 可以打给维姬You can call Vicki if you can't get me.我一个人没问题 我爸经常留我一个人在家I can be alone. Dad leaves me alone all the time.不要这样说你爸的坏话了You should probably stop ratting out your father.手机记得充电 好吗Keep your phone charged, okay?诺娅 是我Nora, it's me.门开着的It's open.噢 我好多了Oh. I'm okay.-好多了吗  -是的- You're okay? - Yeah.-来这里  -嗯 我...- Here. - Um, I, um...我打电话给妇产科医生了I spoke to my OB and she said她说我可以明早再过去检查that I can just come by in the morning.-她说是什么问题了吗  -没有 她只是说- Did she say what it was? - No, just that she wasn't不用很担心 因为已经不痛了too concerned because it went away,说我可以等到明天早上and that I could wait 'til the morning.对不起 我很抱歉让你过来I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry to drag you out of bed like this.没关系It's okay.今晚能留在这吗Would you stay the night?噢 我-我-我不知道Oh, I-I-I don't know.求你了Please?我不想孤单一个人I don't want to be alone.我留下来Of course.我不会走的Of course I will.我睡沙发就行了I can just sleep right there, on the couch.哦 我的...不要犯傻Oh, my... Don't be silly.别这样 我会管好我手的Come on, I can keep my hands to myself.我相信你也可以I'm sure you can, too.嗨 查理Hi, Charlie.你是... 丽斯 对吗You're... Liz, right?你还记得You remembered.你怎么进来的How'd you get in here?我贿赂了服务生I bribed the maid.别生她气 我很擅长说服人的Don't be mad at her, though. I was very persuasive.呃 你先穿上衣服Uh, you need to put your clothes back on, and, uh,或许我们可以聊会天we can have a little talk maybe.你不是说别因自私而羞愧吗Didn't you say that there's no shame in being selfish?自私是人类天性It's human nature?我对自己的欲望很诚实So, I'm being honest about what I want.查理And, Charlie,就是你啊it's you.我感受到的真爱 就是你啊You're the real love that I feel.好了 丽斯 我不想伤害你Okay, Liz, I don't want to hurt you.不要用美好的时光来威胁我Don't threaten me with a good time.好吧 有些界限你不该越过Okay, there are lines you don't cross,你现在就在逾越很多界限and you're crossing several of them right now.-再多一条又如何  -好了 丽斯...- Then what's one more? - Okay, Liz...丽斯 好了Liz. Okay.丽斯Liz.好了Okay. Unh.够了That is enough.你竟然让她上你You let her get on top of you?见鬼了 你竟然让她进房间Hell, you let her in the room.她收买了服务生进来的She bribed her way in!那又如何 你为什么不在看见她的时候就离开So? Did you leave when you first saw her?没有 你还参与了进去No, you engaged.他想帮我He tried to help me.他想拯救我He was trying to save me.这房间里有两个该死的疯女人There are two fuckin' crazy women in this room.谢谢你 丽斯Thank you, Liz.可以了That'll be all.很开心和你一起工作 查理Pleasure working with you, Charlie.你他妈在跟我开玩笑吗Are you fucking kidding me?这是某种病态的教训吗Is this some kind of sick lesson?!这是非常逼真又必要的教训It was a vivid and essential lesson.这种错误只要犯一次 就能毁了你整个职业生涯One mistake like that will cost you your career.查理 每次静修Charlie, women throw themselves都有女人对帕兹投怀送抱at Paz at every retreat,但他坚信自己是个正派人but he believes he is a righteous man.而你呢 你知道自己是个罪人You, you know you're a sinner.你他妈就是个控制狂You are a fuckin' control freak.-你需要变得无可指摘  -我不是你的所有物- You need to be beyond reproach! - You don't own me.有一点不当行为的苗头 你都该掐掉You need to avoid even the appearance of impropriety!我不属于你I don't belong to you!我是你的合伙人I am your partner.而我们中只有一个人知道And only one of us knows how to manage怎么经营这份事业this kind of career.想猜猜是谁吗Care to guess which one?我希望你出去I want you outta here.我希望你滚出我的生活I want you out of my life!谢谢你留下Thanks for staying.我当然会了Of course.你生我气是应该的You're right to be angry with me.晚安Good night.晚安Good night.我不想吵醒你的 但我得回去看看尼克了I didn't want to wake you, but, I have to get back to Nick.当然 当然了 谢谢你留下Of course. Of course. Thank you for staying.我真得很感谢I really appreciate it.能有你依靠 这对我意义重大It means so much to me that I can count on you.你知道吗 你真是个好朋友You know, you're such a good friend.我只是回报你的好Just returning the favor.-晚点再打给你  -必须打哦- I'll call you later. - You better.他们说的是中午 对吧I mean, they said noon, right?是啊 中午Yeah, noon.-可他们迟到了  -没错 他们迟到了- I mean, they're late! - Yeah, they're late.这他妈怎么回事What the fuck is that?我的枪My gun.我们说好不带枪的We agreed no guns.是你同意不带枪You agreed no guns.布斯塔曼特妈妈可教不出这种傻儿子Mama Bustamante didn't raise an ese dumb enough赤手空拳来这种场合to come to a meet like this unarmed.我们说好不带枪的We agreed no guns.这些都是规矩Those were the parameters.你不会以为科尔德罗真不带枪吧You don't think Cordero's gonna be packing?他是来买枪的He's buying guns!为什么还要带枪Why would he have guns?!他跟我们一样 是个商人 好吗He's a businessman, like us, okay?我们订了约 就严格按约执行啊We made a deal. Let's stick to it.好吧 合伙人All right, partner.我把枪放到副驾柜子里去I'll put it in the glove compartment.准备Jun-Bi.搞什么What the fuck?你觉得是他们吗You think that's them?或者是某种狗屎户外教学课吗Or some kind of fucked-up field trip.抱歉Sorry.我们的钱他妈在哪Where's our fuckin' money?你他妈在干什么The fuck are you doing?环保点 免得弄脏地 小狗崽们Tryin' to go green, motherfuckers.就像我孩子说的It's like my kids say:"降解 回收 再利用""Reduce, reuse, and recycle."给我跪下Get on your fucking knees.去死吧Go fuck yourself.你不会这么干的You won't fuckin' do this.是啊 我不会No, I won't.但后面拿枪那哥们会这么干But the homie with the shotgun will.除非你们说实话Unless I get some truth.凯劲到底他妈在哪Now, where the fuck is Caygeon?我告诉过你 他走了I told you, he's gone.你们他妈是谁Who the fuck are you?他的供应商吗His supplier?你之前是这么告诉我的'Cause that's what you told me, that I wasn't gonna be我可不跟中间商打交道 只跟...dealing with any middlemen. Just...有大肚子在身体中间的老板打交道[此处用middlemen调侃方索]soft-around-the-middle men.天灵灵Yoi Devla,地灵灵del prikaza Cordero,咒你全家下地狱benga rakle.什么鬼话What the fuck was that?你完蛋了You're fucked.这是个诅咒It was a curse.吉普赛诅咒A Gypsy curse.诅咒你On you,和你的孩子on your children,还有你孩子的孩子and on your children's children.看看你的吉普赛诅咒能不能挡住这颗子弹A ver si tu maldición para esta bala, gitano.来啊 动手吧Sure. Go ahead.杀了我们啊Kill us now.以后永无安眠之夜Never enjoy another good night's sleep直到临终时刻 或者也可以...until it's your fuckin' last, or...按计划和我们做完生意we go ahead with the deal as planned,原谅所有不愉快and all is forgiven.原谅吗Forgiven?你他妈算老几Who the fuck are you, hm?想知道我是谁吗You wanna know who I am?我是罗姆人 狗娘养的I'm Roma, motherfucker.吉普赛人方索·马克思Fonso Marks of the Gypsies.你惹上了吉普赛人And you fuck with Gypsies...吉普赛人会干死你Gypsies fuck you.追你到死Forever.好吧All right.我问了问题 得到了答案I asked a question. I got an answer.没伤和气 对吧No hard feelings, right?把钱拿过来Agarra el dinero.在这停就行Here is fine.你的房子还在前面Your house is a ways up the road.我说了 这里停就行Like I said, here is fine.我们真要像两个小年轻一样吵架吗Are we really gonna act out some teenage farce?也许这是成年人之间的闹剧Maybe it's an adult farce.是你自己充满内疚 心里乱糟糟的You are a guilt-ridden mess and you are dismantling还毁了我好不容易塑造的更好的你the better you I've been building!昨晚难道是又一次磨合吗Was last night a tuneup for the machine?你我之间Yours and mine.我不想伤害我妻子I don't want to hurt my wife.伤害她的唯一方式就是你我中的任何一个人The only way either of us can hurt her now告诉她真相is by telling her the truth.周三见I'll see you Wednesday.我希望你努力...I'd like you to work on...多谈谈自己的事talking about yourself more.这样有利于建立信任It helps to build trust.可我对你就一无所知I don't know anything about you.我的例子就很切题My case in point.