这是我们的友谊故事EMILY: This is the story of our friendship.它是这样开始的This is the way it began.- 嘿 - 嘿- Hey. - Hey.关于杰克逊有许多传言EMILY: A lot of things had been said about Jackson.他是个怎样的人 他做过什么事What he is, what he did.但对我来说 在那段糟糕的岁月之前But this is who he always was to me,- 他一直是这样的..  - 关灯了- before the bad years... - MAN: Lights out!后来又发生了什么呢And what happened.杰克逊以前是个好孩子Jackson was a good kid.作过祭台侍童He was an altar boy, for Christ sakes.如果当时这地方没有那么屎的话If this were any kind of world except the shithole that it is,事情也许会不同things might've been different.今天罗德岛的南格林威治发生了一场悲剧Tragedy today in the city of South Greenwich, Rhode Island.但我超越了我自己EMILY: But I'm getting ahead of myself.首先 你们需要对我们有些许了解First, you need to understand some things about us.我们曾经是怎样的人Who we were.最重要的是  明白我们是从哪来的Most of all, you have to understand where we come from.这里是罗德岛州的南格林威治This is South Greenwich, Rhode Island.地球上最屎的地方The shittiest fucking place on earth.这个镇子是围绕着几个工厂建起来的This town was built around a couple factories.最大的一家叫做史密斯兄弟The biggest one, Smith brothers,曾经是做防毒面具及其它一些东西的used to make gas masks and other stuff.安全设备之类的You know, safety equipment.但都已经不存在了That's all gone, though.杰克逊是在镇子上比较穷的那块儿长大的Jackson grew up on the poor half of town.我在相对好的这边长大I grew up on the better side这里人人过着刷信用卡 喝香槟 姜汁汽水的生活方式where everyone lived off credit. Champagne lifestyles and ginger ale budgets,我妈曾经说过my mom used to say.不管你生活在哪一边No matter which side you were on, though,那些混蛋们总是刚好游离在二者之间的边缘地带the bastards were always right at the edge of the clearing.我早前已经认识到了这点I'd already learned that early on.我要过去I need to get by.这路是我们的 付钱才能走This our path, gotta pay.谁说这是你们的路？Who says it's your path?它说的This does.托尼  到那边去Tony, go long.我来接着BOY: I'm open!我只想过去I just wanna go.那你得亲我一下Then you have to give me a kiss.嘿 宝贝KATHY: Hey, baby.你爸打电话了吗？Did your father call?没有No.想吃晚餐吗？You want dinner?噢 不 亲爱的 不用了Oh, no, honey, that's all right.妈太累了Mommy's so tired.（尴尬）（弱）（太差了）我还记得杰克逊刚来我们学校的那天EMILY: I remember the day Jackson came to our school.他妈妈是从新泽西调到这儿工作His mother transferred from a job in Jersey以便在他爸出意外后更方便照顾家庭to be closer to family after his father's accident.他们根本不知道这些事Not that they knew any of that.他们只知道他看起来脏兮兮的All they knew was that he looked dirty.他衣服穿的不对  这就足够了His clothes were wrong. That was enough.他在食物链的底端He was at the bottom of the food chain,这倒给我减轻了一些压力which took some of the pressure off me.有一段时间里 我觉得这样真的很好For a while, I guess that was good enough.跑起来 跑起来..Let's go, let's go, let's go.我想看到你们手触地后折返I wanna see some freakin' bodies hit the floor.吉米 再快些 兄弟Jimmy, good hustle buddy.快 跑起来Come on, let's go!艾米莉Emily!这是你本学期第四次This is the fourth time this quarter没有穿运动服来上课了you have failed to bring your gym clothes.你本门课程正式不合格You are now officially flunking this class.你明白了吗？Are you aware of that?大家停下 杰克逊·马绍尔Everybody stop. Jackson Marshall.站到场地中心来 现在Get your skid mark shorts to center court, now!我问你个事儿 杰克逊Let me ask you something, Jackson,你要去厕所一趟吗？do you need to go to the bathroom?你确定自己不需要大个便之类的？Are you sure you don't need to take a dump or something?不需要 老师No, sir.那么请告诉我Well, then, maybe you can tell me为什么你跑起来像裤子里藏有一坨什么东西似的why you're running like you have a load in your shorts!给我出去Get out of here.有人告诉我说 一些人珍爱自己的童年EMILY: I'm told that some people cherish their childhood.我妈总是说起年轻漂亮的时候My mom always talks about being young世界充满了各种可能性and beautiful and the world being full of possibility.但对我们中的一些人来说But for some of us,我们是丑陋的we were ugly.根本没有任何前途There was no possibility.我们中的一些人会被立刻告知Some of us were told, right off the bat,这里没有你的容身之所there's no room for you here.没人需要你们Nobody wants you.你们也无处可逃There is nowhere to run.我们会生吃了你And we are going to eat you alive.这里是个丛林EMILY: It's a jungle in here.命运既定且残酷Predictable and cruel.但后来 有一天But then, one day,托尼·布朗一家人死了Tony Brown and his whole fucking family died.托尼·布朗是个极讨厌的小混蛋Tony Brown was a rotten little fucking asshole.以前经常和吉米·法尔科他们一起玩的Used to hang out with Jimmy Falco and the rest of them.事情很清楚  托尼他爸工作繁忙EMILY: Apparently, Tony's father worked a whole lot他妈被冷落了 寂寞有点难耐and his mom was left feeling somewhat... Unfulfilled.于是就开始在午休时间里So she'd started getting fulfilled和她的一个同事乱搞by one of her co-workers on their lunch break.阴差阳错 某天被托尼他爸发现了Somehow or another, Tony's dad found out.所以有一天中午 托尼他爸特意提前回家So one day, Tony's father took his lunch break early,在楼上卧室把他老婆和老婆的上司给劈了and chopped his wife and her boss - up in the bedroom. - (WOMAN COUGHING)他们说那对狗男女死后 他爸仍然没有住手They said he kept chopping them up even after they were dead.一直像劈木头那样使劲砍Like wood.这部分我记得特别清晰- That part I remember particularly well. - (GRUNTS)托尼他爸耐心地等了两个小时Tony's father waited patiently for two hours托尼从学校回家后until he got home from school.他爸用来复枪近距离射杀了托尼Then he shot Tony at close range with a rifle,最后在后院吊死了自己and hung himself in the back yard.说真的 这有怎样？Honestly, so what?只不过世界上又少了一个混蛋而已There's one less asshole in the world.少了四个实际上  如果大人也算在内的话Four less, if you count the adults.说到混蛋这个层面And when it comes to assholes,这些人一个顶俩you can count these people twice.艾米莉 坐下 大家都会看着你的Emily, sit down. Everybody can see you.- 嘿 - 噢- Hey. - (LOUDLY) Ow!早上好PASTOR JOHNSON: Good morning.在这种阴郁的环境下  我选了On this somber occasion, I have chosen保罗的信《以弗所书》中的一段作本次训诫的主题（基督教《圣经·新约》中的一卷）as the subject of this homily a passage from Paul's letter to the Ephesians,第五章 二十二节chapter 5, verse 22."你们作妻子的 当顺服自己的丈夫 如同顺服主""Let wives be subject to their husbands as to the Lord."因为丈夫是妻子的头"Because a husband is head of the wife"如同基督是教会的头"just as Christ is head of the church."他又是教会全体的救主""Being himself savior of the body."你们作妻子的 顺从你们的丈夫Wives, submit to your husbands.这有多简单？How simple is that?今天这里发生的What we have here,是一个不称职的妇女的故事is the failure of a woman.她背叛了上帝Who sinned against God背叛了丈夫and against her husband.结果呢？And what is the result of that?她儿子现在躺在那个冰冷灰暗的棺材里Her son is lying in that cold gray casket right there.一个小男孩A boy.一个死去的小男孩A dead boy.他的母亲现在在哪里？And where is his mother right now?在地狱的一个烈火湖里In a fiery lake in hell!用无限的死亡来回答了这个问题With an entire eternity to answer the question,这值得吗？was it worth it?不公Inequity,不忠infidelity,不忠  忠  诚infidelity, fidelis, faith,不忠 不诚infidelity, unfaithful.你们作妻子的 顺从你们的丈夫Wives, submit to your husbands.我们要帮它一下吗？Should we help it?要Yeah.从那时起 我们成了朋友EMILY: From then on, we were friends.我们在这个腐烂到心的小镇上结伴长大We grew up as friends in this pretty little town that was rotten to its core.四处瞎逛Surrounded on all sides,想知道谁会是下一个wondering which of them would be the next像托尼·布朗他爸那样爆发的人to explode like Tony Brown's did.或者谁会播下催生杀人狂魔的新种子Or produce some new breed of homicidal monster.也许是那一个Maybe it would be that one.也许是我们自己Maybe it would be our own.数年后And years later,当杰克逊过街when Jackson started crossing the street避开从那座老教堂前面经过时to avoid walking in front of that old fucking church,我连问为什么的必要都没有I never even needed to question why.我已经知道答案了I already knew the answer.开始 开始- (WHISTLE BLOWS) - Let's go, let's go.我不想看见我的任何一个橄榄球队员慢吞吞地挪I better not see any of my football players doggin' it.快 跑Come on, go.很好  加把劲 女士们Attaboy. Come on, ladies.噢 帕库拉 天啊 加把劲Oh, Pakula. Jesus, come on.你屁股埋土里了Your ass is draggin' in the dirt.动起来Move it.艾米莉Emily!我在这儿教了六年了I'm a broken goddamn record for six years.你又一次没穿运动服Once again, no gym clothes,你体育课又一次不及格and once again, you're failing gym class.难以置信Unbelievable.你在读什么？What're you reading?- 西尔维娅·普拉斯 - 西尔维娅·什么？（美国女诗人）- Sylvia Plath. - Sylvia who?完全正确Exactly.放学之前到我办公室来I want to see you in my office before the end of the day.- 有什么事？- 来就是了- What about? - Just do it.放学之前 到那儿去Before the end of the day, just be there.你说过要见我？You wanted to see me?是的 进来 艾米莉 坐Yeah. Come on in, Emily, sit down.坐下Have a seat.我要和你聊聊今天上课的怠慢I want to talk to you about your little performance in class today.艾米莉 你想过自己Emily, you ever wondered why为什么不能集中注意力吗you can't seem to focus,为什么不能融入进去？why you just don't fit in?我意思是  你想过I mean, have you ever wondered like,自己的力量到底他妈的在哪儿吗？where's the fucking beef?我要给你看本书 艾米莉I want to show you a book, Emily.这本书挽救了我操蛋的人生It's the book that saved my goddamn life.抱歉 我不是故意要在学生面前说脏话I'm sorry, I don't mean to curse in front of students,但这里只有你和我but it's just you and me here,所以去他妈的不管了so fuck it.总之Anyway.我当时处在人生的最低谷I was at the absolute worst part of my life,无处可去going nowhere.漫无目的No direction.就像你一样是个可悲的卢瑟I was a weird little loser, like yourself.而这本书..And this book...这本书把我从堕落中救了出来This book brought me out of that nosedive.这本免费给你And I want you to have a free copy of it.我希望你读一读 艾米莉I want you to read this, Emily.我希望你照着镜子And I want you to look at yourself in the mirror.问自己And I want you to ask yourself,"我的力量在哪里？""Where does my power live?"你的力量在哪里 艾米莉？Where does your power live, Emily?- 我的力量在哪里？- 对- Where does my power live? - Yeah.嗯Hmm.不管怎样  咱聊的不错Anyway, good talk.噢 嘿Oh. And, hey,帮个忙  我亲切地请求你please do me a favor, I'm asking nicely.明天穿上你那该死的运动服来 好吗？Wear your motherfucking gym clothes tomorrow, will you?噢 嘿Oh, and, hey,离那个杰克逊·马绍尔远点stay away from that Jackson Marshall kid, too.他是你在娘胎里更脆弱的那个双胞胎兄弟He is the weaker twin that you're in the womb with.他最后一句话EMILY: About that last bit,可能是对的- he may've been right. - (EXHALES)我早就知道杰克逊与众不同I always knew that Jackson was different.他对事情的反应和其他孩子不同He felt things differently from the other kids.对某些事情反应更强烈 对另一些就更冷淡Some things he felt more, some things he felt less.杰克逊Jackson!杰克逊Jackson!我想我该跟你们说说杰克逊父母的事儿EMILY: I guess I should tell you about Jackson's parents.大家一直都对这事儿感兴趣That's something people always want to know about.他父母是怎样的呢？What were the parents like?我们的父母都很普通Well, ours were pretty average....这乱糟糟的...this fucking mess!马上过来  过来Now get over here. Get over here给我他妈的弄干净and fucking clean it.自打我知道卡尔起EMILY: By the time I knew Carl,他总是成天坐在他的椅子上he just sat in his chair all day,喝着酒 盯着电视机drinking and staring at the TV.他已经瘫痪了He was paralyzed,有时候在午夜had awful spasms that would come他会可怕地抽搐in the middle of the night sometimes.有时候他的胸肌会锁死EMILY: Sometimes the muscles in his chest seized必须注射让肌肉放松的药剂才行- and he'd have to be injected -(SCREAMING) with a muscle relaxer这样他不会像被蟒蛇缠住那样被挤压而死so they didn't squeeze him to death like a boa constrictor.大多数时候 他屎尿都拉在裤子里Most days, he just shit his pants.杰克逊他妈看在丈夫的残疾保险和..Jackson's mother hung around for the disability剩余存款上没有离去and what was left of his savings.但她经常出门- But she was out of the house a lot. - (AIR HORN BLOWING)杰克逊CARL ON BABY MONITOR: Jackson!杰克逊对事情的反应和其他孩子不同EMILY: Jackson didn't feel things like the other kids.但我想是卡尔教会了他怎么去恨But I believe that it was Carl who taught him how to hate.操 我需要些弹药Fuck, I need some fuckin' ammo.是的 因为我要赢了Yeah, 'cause I'm gonna win.婊子- Bitch. - (LAUGHING)你知道海滩男孩（乐队）You know the Beach Boys录了一首查尔斯·曼森写的一首歌吗？（美国臭名昭著的连环杀手 现在狱中）recorded a song that Charles Manson wrote?有点怪- That's weird. - (CHUCKLES)你知道曼森家族Did you know that the Manson family killed- 曾用一把刺刀杀了其中一人的事儿吗？- 真的吗？- one of the guys with a bayonet? - Really?用一把刺刀刺穿了他的喉咙Stabbed him in the throat with a fucking bayonet.操 内战重演吗？Fuck, any civil war reenactors?不 他们是嬉皮士而已No, they were hippies.操 你跑哪儿去了？Fuck, where'd you go?我就在这..儿I'm right... here!操Fuck!天啊 我讨厌这种该死的游戏God, I hate this fucking game!冷静点Cool the fuck out.该死的Goddamn.然后 有一天 他爆发了EMILY: And then, one day, he broke.那一天 亨利·帕库拉One day, Henry Pakula尿了一洗发水瓶子decided to piss into his shampoo bottle.亨利过后说As Henry later told it,他拉了又久又多it was a long, healthy piss.杰克逊Jackson!给我滚开Get the fuck off!操..我抓到你了Fucking... I've got you.你个小混蛋You little fuck!我要宰了你I'm gonna fucking kill you!你想聊聊吗  杰克逊？MAN: You wanna be talked to like you're here, Jackson?但你不会在这儿待很久的Well, you're not gonna be here for very long,我这就告诉你了let me tell you that.但你知道我是怎么想的吗？But you know what I think?我觉得你就是一只小黄鼠狼I think that you're a little weasel.一个败类A degenerate.一个"D"等垃圾A grade "D" piece of shit!你对那个男孩做的事不可原谅What you did to that boy is inexcusable.手段卑鄙 恶劣至极Cheap shot. Rotten.他现在躺在医院里He's at the hospital right now医生正努力把他的拇指缝接回去tryin' to get his thumb sewed back on for Christ's sake.他以后能否正常使用拇指还不确定They doubt he'll ever be able to use it properly again.如果你是我的孩子If you were my kid, (LAUGHS)我会立刻把你带回家I would get you home as soon as possible给你最严厉的惩罚so I could mete out the most severe punishment of your life!那就大多数人关心的EMILY: And that was the end of Jackson,杰克逊最后的归宿as far as most people were concerned.他是那种事过就忘的人He was one of those "What ever happened to's?"但是 过后当有人采访他们的时候Although, later they all pretended they were real close with him.他们都装作和他非常亲密的样子When they had microphones in their faces,每个人都有自己的一套说法everyone had a story to tell.事实是 他消失了The truth is, he disappeared.大多数人都把他给忘了Most people forgot about him,他甚至没有再和我联系and he even stopped calling me.他说自己有很多事情要做He said he had a lot of appointments再也没法出门了and he couldn't go out anymore.我也有自己的事儿要处理I had my own shit to deal with有一段时间把他忘了and forgot about him for a while.♪ 我所有朋友都长大了 ♪ All my friends haveall grown up♪ 唉 我是怎么走到这儿的？ ♪ Alas, how did I get here?嗨 我是皮特·凯利  请留言(ON ANSWERING MACHINE) Hi, this is Peter Kelly. Please leave a message.♪ 当我的钱财 ♪ When my money has♪ 化作尘土 ♪ All dried up to dust♪ 我是怎么走到这儿的？ ♪ How did I get here?♪ 当我的家人 ♪ When my family has♪ 收拾好行李 离我而去后 ♪ Packed their things and left♪ 我是怎么走到这儿的？ ♪ How did I get here?天啊EMILY: God.真他妈的陈词滥调Such a fucking cliche.♪ 静候你的命运 ♪ Wait your turn♪ 很快就要来了 ♪ Follow soon♪ 系好领带 ♪ Wear a tie♪ 当我拿出那些照片 ♪ When I get the pictures♪ 全都铺展开 ♪ All set out♪ 现在我属于这儿 ♪ Now I belong here♪ 我妈已经离开了 ♪ My mother's gone away♪ 我独自生活 - ♪ I live alone- (MONITOR BEEPING)♪ 现在我属于这儿 ♪ Now I belong here ♪（电视声）敌方一名高级领导人被杀死REPORTER ON TV: ...one senior insurgent leader was killed.你要看到的是What you're about to see一段空袭的录像.is actual footage from the air strike...他来了 白马王子EMILY: There he was, Prince Charming.总是在最后一刻才赶到Always there in the nick of time.自从我妈发生意外后EMILY: After my mom's incident,他来的次数更多了he started coming around a bit more,这是我妈一直期望的事情 真讽刺which is what Mom always wanted, ironically.我想她找到了自己的力量所在I guess she found where her power lived.我想也是在这段时间里I think that was around the time杰克逊遇到了詹姆斯先生that Jackson met Mr. James,他应该像who was supposed to be一个导师/社工之类的like a mentor slash social worker, or some shit like that.他被当地政府委派He was appointed by the district检查记录杰克逊的课程进展to check in with Jackson for the curriculum.但有时候他也带杰克逊干点别的事情But then, sometimes he would do stuff with him, too.大多数时候是去打猎Mostly, he took him hunting.杰克逊曾到他家去过一次They met at his house once,杰克逊看到了他的枪支收藏库 然后就迷上了Jackson saw his gun collection, and that was it.当然 现在回想起来 这一切似乎Sure, in retrospect this all probably seems是非常糟糕的very obvious and clearly a bad idea.但是你了解男人 以及让他们形成友谊的纽带But you know men and their bonding bullshit.杰克逊的父亲可能说过...Jackson's father probably said..."男孩子学会射击- It's good for the boy是一件好事"- to learn how to shoot.或者类似愚蠢的话Or some stupid bullshit like that.那哥们觉得杰克逊就像是罗宾·威廉斯Dude thought he was Robin Williams在演自己的电影starring in a movie about himself,却没想到他正在武装一个白人恐怖分子not arming the next white boy terrorist.终于...- Finally... - Whoo-hoo!有一些积极的进展Some positive reinforcement.两个月后他被开除了He got fired two months later.一个警察在路上逮到他带着一包可卡因和一个17岁女孩A cop pulled him over with a bag of coke and a 17-year-old.但谢谢你的武器训练But thanks for the weapons training,杰米尼·蟋蟀（动画角色）Jiminy-fuckin'-Cricket.那个夏天 我们满十八岁了That summer, we were 18.杰克逊在玩枪- Jackson played with guns... - (GUNSHOT)我在嗑药- I played with drugs. - (SNORTING)这并没有对我产生多大影响They didn't really do much for me.我丢了处女身- Lost my virginity. - (GRUNTING)读《在路上》（美国作家杰克·凯鲁亚克代表作  "垮掉的一代"）Read On the Road.注射可卡因Injected a speedball.不幸的是  可能我注射过度了Unfortunately, I may have overdid it.后来去接受康复治疗Went to rehab.又回来了Came back.她到了She's here.我来报告..I'd like to report...你好啊 艾米莉Well, hello there, Emily.艾米莉Now, Emily,你我过去有过争吵you and I have had run-ins in the past.你一直都很难联系上You're always pretty tough to get through to.但我确实给你打过电话But I tried. I really did.准确的说 因为我不想让咱们Precisely, because I didn't want us to find ourselves陷入这种处境in a situation like this.那么我们现在是怎样一种处境？Mmm. And what kind of a situation are we in,埃尔伍德校长？Principal Ellwood?额 艾米莉 我们现在这种处境Well, Emily, we're in a situation使我们的沟通很困难where we're gonna have to make some tough calls.太多传言了 他说什么 她又说了什么  这是误解We have a he-said, she-said... It's a misunderstanding.现在我知道的是Now, I understand that, uh,你昨晚去参加派对了you were out partying last night和吉米·法尔科那一群男孩在一起with Jimmy Falco and some of the boys并且发生了一些事情and something might have happened.这很棘手Which is delicate.我不知道你明不明白I don't know if you're aware,你提到的其中一些男孩but some of the boys you named是咱们橄榄球队中非常重要的成员are very important members of our football team.你妈的  上帝啊Jesus fucking Christ.他们是好孩子 艾米莉These are the good kids, Emily.听我说 事实情况是Now, listen to me, the fact is,你是个吸过毒的女孩is that you are one girl with a history of drug use.昨晚在派对上喝得烂醉Intoxicated at yesterday evening's party,有目击者看见你where we have witnesses who say that you were想要买毒品attempting to score drugs.我们现在无法...Now we can't...我们现在无法肯定We can't with any certainty你说的那些事情是不是真的believe that your version of the events is truthful.我当然不是有意想Well, I certainly don't mean to fuck否定任何人对那些事情的说辞  先生with anyone's version of the events, sir.但他们的说辞能解释这东西吗？But does their version happen to have any explanation for this?艾米莉..Now, Emily...艾米莉 我要你相信我Emily, I want you to believe me.我会和他们好好地I'm gonna have a good进行一次长谈long talk with those boys.去你妈的Fuck you!没事 没事All right, okay.这个傻逼小镇This fucking town去死吧can suck my dick!不错MAN: Nice.小婊子Little cunt.你今天感觉怎么样 杰克逊？WOMAN: How are you feeling today, Jackson?什么？What?我问你今天感觉怎么样I asked how you were feeling today.还好All right.你刚好像在神游You seem to be off somewhere just now.你看窗外的时候在想什么？What were you thinking about when you were looking out the window?我在想梅茜·布朗I was thinking about Mercy Brown.是你的一个朋友吗？Is that a friend of yours?杰克逊 你想过要伤害他人吗？Jackson, do you ever think about hurting people?哪种伤害？In what way?我不知道I don't know.你在浴室袭击那个男孩的时候When you attacked that boy in the shower,你想过要那么做吗？did you think about doing it?当然Sure.那帮人都是混蛋Those kids are assholes.你觉得他们应该受到你实施的那些惩罚吗？Do you think they deserved what you did to them?我应该说不  对吗？I'm supposed to say no, right?她是个懒惰的精神病专家 除非警察问她EMILY: She was a lazy shrink, and she never followed up她从不解释清楚until the police were questioning her.那就让我来给你说说So let me fill you in about杰克逊谈到的那个人what Jackson was talking about.梅茜·布朗Mercy Brown.我们是这样听到这个人所共知的名字的That's where we got the name everyone made such a big deal of.我们俩组成了个俱乐部  称作"梅茜的朋友"That was our club of two. The friends of Mercy.那时我们才13岁When we were 13,杰克逊的妈妈给他买了一本写罗德岛州鬼屋的书Jackson's mom bought him a book of haunted places in Rhode Island.唯一我们可以骑自行车到达的就是The only one we could ride to on our bikes镇子上的那个was the one in town.梅茜·布朗的墓地The gravesite of Mercy Brown.我们有时候会到那去溜达We hung out there sometimes.有一次  我做了一个关于她的学校作业Once, I did a school project on her.她死于1892年She died in 1892,大概一百多年前just a little over a hundred years ago.梅茜·布朗是普罗维登斯市的一个商店职员的女儿 {\fs16}(美国罗得岛州府)Mercy Brown was the daughter of a providence store clerk.两个月之前 她的母亲和姐姐Two months earlier, her mother and older sister死于痨病had died of consumption.由于她皮肤苍白  双目充血It was decided by her doctors,身体急剧衰弱due to her pale skin, bloodshot eyes还对阳光敏感and rapidly failing heath,她的医生们做出判断along with a sensitivity to sunlight...这家人正在被吸血鬼侵袭...that the family were being attacked by vampires.她被鞭打She was whipped.她被祷告She was prayed over.她被脱光了扔到冰块里泡着She was stripped and bathed in ice.她被强迫喝下她死去母亲的血She was made to drink the blood of her dead mother,那血是家里人听从医生建议留下的which her family kept at the advice of their doctors.当然 杀死梅茜的并不是吸血鬼Of course, it wasn't vampires killing Mercy.而是肺结核 她死了It was tuberculosis, so she died.之后 一月份 她兄弟埃德温病了Then, in January, her brother Edwin got sick.他是布朗家里唯一的男孩He was the only boy in the Brown family和姓氏继承人and the heir to their name.布朗家的女人们都被挖出来了The Brown women were all dug up.她们的棺材被撬开Their coffins were pried open,村里的男人们围在四周and the men of the village gathered around.甚至当地的一家报纸也在场Even the local paper was there.梅茜的尸体两个月前才刚埋到地下Mercy's body had only been in the ground for two months.其他的埋的时间更长些The others had been buried longer.因为她的尸体状况比其他的要好  所以大家做出判断Because her body was in better condition than the others, it was decided that梅茜就是那个吸血鬼- Mercy was the vampire - (SCREAMING)她一直寄生在布朗家里who had been feeding on the Brown family.所以她的心脏被从尸体上扯下And so, her heart was ripped out of her body,在摄像机前面 被系在一个木桩上staked in front of the camera,在坟墓旁烧成灰烬and burned at the graveside.我知道他问我这件事的时候是什么意思I knew what he meant when he asked me about it.所以我知道不说为好Which means I also knew better than to say so.梅茜不是吸血鬼Mercy wasn't a vampire.她只是一个病孩Just a sick kid.但这并不是说不存在吸血鬼这种东西But that didn't mean there was no such thing as vampires.现在罗德岛州被称作"梅茜的朋友"的那些凶杀..The so-called friends of Mercy killings in Rhode Island...今天 警察对"梅茜的朋友"这事儿知道的更多了Police are learning more today about the friends of Mercy,两个当地少年被指控...two local teens accused...长官 我们对这些事情了解多少？And, Commissioner, what do we know about these,我是说"梅茜的朋友"？uh, friends of Mercy?杰克逊 你现在情绪不太好Jackson, I think we're having trouble controlling your anger.接下来几个月我再和你聊聊And I'd like to talk to you some more in the coming months.与此同时 你要开始In the meantime, what I'd like to do吃一个疗程的vestitrol药is start you on a regimen of a pill called vestitrol,它能帮助你调节自己的情绪which will help to regulate your moods控制类似的冲动and keep these kinds of outbursts under control.但有些事情要让你知道There will be some things you need to know, however.吃这种药的过程中You may experience suicidal thoughts你可能会产生自杀念头  杰克逊while on this drug, Jackson.也可能会有恶心的感觉You may also experience some nausea还可能产生一种分裂的幻觉and a kind of dissociated feeling,好像在通过一个玻璃窗或是在电影里as if you're viewing your life观察自己生活的幻觉through a pane of glass or in a movie.如果有这种情况发生 你要和我说If that happens, you need to talk to me about it.他们喂他吃药EMILY: They fed him pills直到他的泪水流干until his tears dried up.噢 太好玩了 咱们又逮到一个怪胎Oh, tons of fun. We got another fuckin' jerker.走Let's go!三十七岁Thirty-seven years old.起来 起来Get up. Get up!熄灯了Lights out!三个月后 他通过了考核 被放了出来EMILY: Three months later he passed an evaluation and they let him out.有段时间就和过去一样的快乐For a while there it was cool. Like old times.好像我们都在自己身上找到了丢失已久的Like we found something good about ourselves好的一面that we lost touch with.我们更老了 更怪了  但这都不算事儿We were older, weirder, but it was cool.我们甚至打开了以前自己盖的老房子We even opened up the old fort for business.怎么了？Anything?没- No. - Hmm.我想你的唾液有问题I think you have a saliva problem.我？Me?你个混蛋Dickhead.- 我讨厌这个教堂 - 是- I hate this church. - Yeah.应该来个人烧了它- Somebody should burn it down. - (CHUCKLING)想看点东西吗？You wanna see somethin'?留在你的裤子里吧  好吗？- Keep it in your pants, will ya? - (CHUCKLING)- 神TM的 - 摸摸看- Holy shit! - Check it out.嘿 妈的Hey! Shit!我妈以前就自杀过My mom tried to kill herself.你是个混蛋- (CHUCKLING) - You're an asshole.放松点 有保险栓呢 在这儿Well, relax. The safety's on. Here.它比我想象的要轻It's lighter than I thought.你从哪儿搞来的这把格洛克？Where'd you fucking get a Glock?给我自己的生日礼物For my birthday.我家里现在已经有六把枪了I've got six guns at my house now.我在树林里还藏了其它一些I've been stashing a few extras in the woods.天啊 小鬼Jesus, kid.为僵尸末日做准备吗？Preppin' for the zombie apocalypse?看到那灯了吗？See that light?快走- Come on! - (ALARM CONTINUES BLARING)哥们- (DOG BARKING) - Dude!那是最后一段好时光EMILY: This was the last of the good times.其余的事情我都在脑袋里过了上百次The rest of this shit I've been over a hundred times in my head.我可以像背诵国旗下的宣誓那样一一罗列出来I can recite it from memory like the Pledge of fuckin' Allegiance.一旦新闻媒体掌握了某些消息  他们就变得荒谬起来Once the news media gets a hold of things, they're ridiculous.所以我想自己保留事实很重要So I felt it was important to keep the facts together for myself.在十二月三号和四号On October 3rd or October 4th,我在杰克逊的车库里吸大麻- (CAMERA CLICKING) -I was smoking weed in Jackson's garage他正跟我聊他买的台钻and he was telling me about this drill press he'd got.他正痴迷于某件工具He was all pumped up about some tool.我不理解  我没人理  正在玩InstagramI didn't understand, I was fucked up and Instagramming,一开始的时候我半听着他的话so I was half listening to begin with.但他说过他正在学习..But he said he was learning怎么改装枪  我不知道那是什么意思how to convert his gun, and I didn't know what that meant.他担心自己会搞砸了He was nervous he was gonna fuck it up,因为那支枪很贵 我记得because the gun was expensive, I remember that.但我想 管它呢  都是枪的事情But I mostly figured, whatever, more gun bullshit.天啊Jesus!天啊 天啊Jesus! Jesus!十二月二十七号 他叫我来帮忙EMILY: On October 27th, he called me to help清理他父亲房间的东西move his father's shit out of the living room.那是在葬礼完两天之后的事 杰克逊已经停药了It was two days after the funeral. Jackson was off his meds.他妈和其它所有人都对他的良好状况感到十分高兴His mom and everyone seemed super pumped about how well he was doing.他的治疗医生在谈论让他完成学业的事情And his therapist was talking about him finishing school.他进步真的很大He was really comin' along!我到他那儿的时候Then, while I was there,他带我进房间 给我看他绘制的学校草图he took me in his room and showed me a blueprint he made of the school,那是在真的蓝图纸上画的using real blueprint paper.画的非常精确It was pretty accurate too.他说整张图完全都是由他自己画出来的He said he'd scoped the whole thing out himself.看起来对自己的这种能力非常满意He seemed very impressed with his ability to do that.我问他I asked him...为什么？Why?因为我想把这个腐烂的Because I want to put this rotten,该死的镇子放到地图上fucking town on the map.所以 你成了一名So, um, I guess that makes you the, uh,公共宣传员  对吗？publicity agent, right?你怎么会认为What makes you think这里比其他任何地方都烂？this place is shittier than anywhere else? Huh?他妈的别扯淡了Give me a fuckin' break!别跟我说这些  你们所有人都知道怎么回事You know, okay, don't give me that because you of all people should know!我明白了 我明白了I get it, okay! I understand.但这东西就是一些But this, this is just some fuckin'摇滚明星 牛仔玩的东西  明白吗？这就是它的本质rock star, cowboy bullshit, okay? That's what that is.你他妈的成熟点吧！Fuckin' grow up!如果那时他听进去了If he had listened then,后来所有的事也许就不会发生了all of this might never have happened.杰克逊 你的闹钟响了Jackson, your goddamn alarm is goin' off!天啊  这孩子Jesus, with this kid!杰克逊·马绍尔  别动Jackson Marshall, do not move,不然我就开枪了or I will shoot!然后他又消失了  而这一次意味着永远EMILY: And then he was gone again. And this time it would be for good.国家新闻甚至都没有报道这事儿It wasn't even on the national news.类似的事情几乎每周都有发生Something like this happens literally every week,在美国某个地方somewhere in America.现在  死了10人以上的事件You need a body count of 10 now才有机会上国家新闻to even stand a chance.但这事儿给当地人提供了一两天的谈资But it gave the locals something to talk about for a day or two.杰克逊·马绍尔今天被逮捕 他涉嫌策划一起MAN ON TV: Jackson Marshall was arrested today on charges of conspiracy大规模的枪击事件to commit a mass shooting.警察正在询问他Police are interviewing him马绍尔先生被发现as we speak after Mr. Marshall was found携带大量武器to be in possession of a large arsenal of weapons进入一所当地高中的外围outside an area high school,目前枪支已被警方没收which police have now confiscated.杰克逊永远都不适合做这事儿EMILY: Jackson was never cut out for it.格里芬教练管他叫什么来着？更脆弱的那个双胞胎？What was it Coach Griffin had called him? The weaker twin?我想那意味着我是更强的那个双胞胎I guess that makes me the stronger twin.那个能够活下来的The one who survives.那个不会被抓到的Who doesn't get caught.那个合适的人Who blends in.安静 让我们看看你是由什么构成的Shh, be quiet. Let's see what you're made of.这是我们的友谊故事This is the story of our friendship.它是这样开始的This is the way it began.杰克逊完全错了  谁又能怪他呢？Jackson had it all wrong. Who could blame him?混蛋们正在毁灭整个世界Motherfuckers were runnin' the whole world!不单是在学校里  这只是个开始Not just at school, that was only the beginning.他们正在每个地方赢得胜利They were winning everywhere.（汤米 11岁，萨姆 12岁，约翰 10岁）（飞泰国的机票）每个地方都考虑的话力所不能及EMILY: Everywhere is too much to think about though.所以那些小鬼攻击他们所知道的世界So kids attack the world they know.但这样是愚蠢的 盲目的But stupid, pointless,短视的 不能长久的  而这些就是我的着手点short attention span, look-at-me bullshit, that's where I get off.一些人觉得是枪支管控问题Some people think it's the guns,但我理解得更透彻but I know better.这不是控枪的问题It's not the guns.它有更深层次的原因It's deeper than that.从梅茜·布朗开始Since Mercy Brown.从一切的源头开始Since all the way at the beginning.美国变成由一个死去的孩子驱动的引擎America is a dead kid powered engine.当有一件事情需要去做的时候But when a thing needs doing,把你自己的肩膀当作轮子you put your shoulder to the wheel,天啊 自己动手去做吧by gosh, you get it done yourself.是的 约翰 是的(LAUGHING) Yes, John, yes.我完全相信这个周末就能解决I absolutely think it's gonna work out this weekend.噢 是 是的Oh, yeah. Yep, yes.我会从我们的青少年项目中派出一些志愿者去I'll be sending over some volunteers from our youth program.是 是  我想你会发现一些非常非常优秀的小孩的Uh, yeah, yeah, I think you're gonna find that there's some really, really fine young men.绝对的(LAUGHING) You bet ya.噢 是的 是的Oh, yeah. Yeah.我十分感谢你的捐助And, uh, you know I want to thank you so much for the uh... The donations.无比感激Very much appreciated.我之前一直想告诉你And I wanted to tell ya that we, uh...我们非常感谢你为这所高中所做的工作We are very grateful for the work you're doing over at the high school.还有 我们在为那个老师和学生的尸体祷告And that, uh, the faculty and student body are in our prayers.是的 确实是Yes, indeed.而且 我们共同的朋友本周末会和你联系..Well, you know what, our mutual friend will be in touch with you about, uh, this weekend and, uh...是的 我希望你好好享受那些男孩Yeah, I hope you enjoy the boys. (LAUGHING)噢 是的 是的 确实Oh, yeah. Yes, indeed.我迫不及待想听到了And, uh, I can't wait to hear all about it.是 好的 是Yeah. Okay. Yep.好的 对 当然 晚安Okay. Yes, you bet. Good night.今天小孩们的问题是EMILY: The problem with today's kids,他们做任何事情都想用容易的方法they want to do everything the easy way.我有钱I have money.说茄子 神父Say cheese, Father.（都是男同网站发来的邮件）优秀的男青年是正好的Fine young men is right.咚咚咚EMILY: Knock, knock, knock.别动Don't move.哪儿都别动Don't move in any way.- 记得我吗？- 不记得- Remember me? - No.我是艾米莉！去你妈的Emily! Fuck!艾米莉Emily.喔Wow.你他妈在干什么？What the fuck?咱们做个交易怎么样？Let's make a deal, hmm?如果我杀你的时候You stay quiet你保持安静while we do this.那么过后我会替你清除浏览记录I'll clear your browser history.- 你保证？- 是- You promise? - Yep.不Nope.现在 我想..Now, I'm willing to, uh,采用另一种方式look the other way here.但如果你大吼大叫But if you scream,咱们就不得不马虎了事了we have to do it the sloppy way.不(SOBS) No.这样我就没时间帮你清理了And I just won't have time to clean up any messes.干得好Thatta boy.干得太好了Thatta fuckin' boy.现在 有很多传言 他说什么 她又说什么Now, what we have here is a he-said, she-said,都是误解um, misunderstanding.还记得你和你的同伙Remember how you and your pals从来不确定were never quite sure你们能否相信一个嗑药的婊子吗？if you could trust a drugged-out bitch.- 猜怎么着 你这坨屎...- 求求你- Well, guess what, you fucking shit bird... -Please.我希望你现在能相信我了I hope you can fucking trust me now!欢迎来到爱情小屋Welcome to the love shack.玛丽·史蒂文森  大胸肥臀Mary Stevenson, nice tits, big ass.B.Chad. Ew. Chad.是 我是教练 - 嘿 是格里芬教练吗？- Yeah. Coach here. - Hey, Coach Griffin?嘿 我是艾米莉·凯莉Hey! This is Emily Kelly.你永远也猜不到(GIGGLES) You're never gonna fucking guess我现在是用谁的电话打给你的whose phone I'm calling you from.- 你今晚和吉米·法尔科在一起吗？- 是的- You're with Jimmy Falco tonight? - Yeah!我们都在开趴体We're all fuckin' partyin' and shit.他们说和你开趴体很有意思They said you were fun to party with.何不过来和我们一起玩呢？Why don't you come on out and party with us, huh?我们现在吉米的拖车里休息  你以前来过吗？We're all just chillin' at Jimmy's trailer. You ever been?我上周去过那里Yeah, I was out there just last week.- 你现在在那儿玩对吗？- 太对了- So you're partyin' out there, huh? - EMILY: Hell, yeah!过来吧 我想见你Come on out here, I wanna see you.我想你一定能教我些东西I bet you can teach me some things.我也不知道能不能  我现在正忙着呢Well, I don't really know if I should. I mean I'm pretty busy, you know,但是...but...我想也许我还是能去那里待会儿  我不知道I guess maybe I can swing out there for a little bit. I don't know.太好了Excellent.你到这儿的时候咱们再见  大种马I'll see you when you get here, stud.嘿 帕库拉 你个老东西  你在干什么？Hey, Pakula, you old piece of shit. What are you doing?我在外面 吉米·法尔科这里Yeah, I'm out here at, uh, Jimmy Falco's place.你也可以过来Yeah, you can come out here,给我点时间just give me some time因为我正要去上一个从六年级'cause I am closing in on some sweet pussy that I've been workin' on就开始盯着的婊子since she was in sixth grade. Yeah.知道我意思吗？(LAUGHING) Know what I mean?噢 是  好的Oh, yeah. Yep. All right.待会儿聊  撸sirCheck you later, Masterbater.操Fuck.教练来了 咱们再干一票吧Aw. Coach is here! Let's all fuck some more.教练 我知道自己的力量在哪儿了Coach, I figured out where my power lives.噢 好HENRY: Oh, yeah!我们是最勇敢的We are the bravest!哈 嘿Ha! Hey!如果不是亨利·帕库拉 那个尿瓶子里出名的EMILY: If it isn't Henry Pakula, of piss bottle fame.怎么回事儿？教练？What the fuck? Coach?噢 天啊Oh, my God!噢 孩子- (CAR ENGINE STARTING) - Oh, boy.那个晚上肯定是空气中有某种东西存在EMILY: There must've been something in the air that night,或者是我们共有的基因or maybe it was just some fucked up mutant strain发生了突变of mother-daughter DNA that we shared.她在看到我 在我张口之前 就已经知道事情结束了She knew it was over before she saw me. Before I said anything.她看起来释怀了And she seemed relieved.好像我解放了我们两个人那样Like I had freed us both.这是你爸住的地方This is where your father stays和他的婊子在一起with his bitch.就是你的那个老师That teacher of yours...霍铂Hopper.艾米莉Emily...你一直都是一个You always were such很乖的女孩a good girl.你都累一天了 婊子You've had a hard day, pussy.今天压力大吗？我的小婊子Are you stressed today, my little pussy?还好That's okay.妈妈我有一个大JJMomma's got a big, big dick会让你感觉好很多的that's gonna make you feel all better.快 给我咆哮 婊子 快HOPPER: Come on, growl for me, pussy. Come on.咬它 咬它Get it, get it.你知道自己想要它You know you want it.咬它Get it.快Come on.卧槽 这是在搞什么？(LAUGHS) What the fuck?天啊  这太出乎我的意料了Well, goddamn! I was not expecting this.艾米莉 艾米莉 你在干什么？- (HOPPER SCREAMS) -Emily, wh... Emily, what are you doing?霍柏夫人  你的JJ确实很大That is a mighty big dick you have, Mrs. Hopper.- 你想看看我的吗？- 不 艾米莉- Would you like to see mine? - Emily!听着..Listen...我是个思想很开阔的人I think I'm a pretty open-minded person.我不想让你觉得So I don't want you to think我会对此做出客观评价that I'm judging this in any kind of like, - objective way. - (CHOKING)但你知道But, you know,从更个人的角度看...in a more personal way...我对你非常非常失望  爸I am really, very disappointed in you right now, Dad.妈让我给你带个话I have a message for you, from Mom.下一次  你去拿咖啡Yeah, well, next time, you're getting the coffee.安静Quiet.这是我们的友谊故事EMILY: This is the story of our friendship.你又要吻我吗？Well, are you gonna try to kiss me again?快走Go on.快走啊  抢先一步走Go on, head start's all you're gonna get.关于杰克逊有许多传言EMILY: A lot of things have been said about Jackson.他是个怎样的人 他做过什么事What he is. What he did.他没做过什么What he didn't do.但这就是他给我的印象But this is who he was, to me.他应该得到一次逃跑的机会He deserved a chance to run away.一次成长的机会Grow up.我在琢磨 他在异地的生活会是怎么样的Figure out what his life could be like somewhere else.在一个没人认识他的地方In a place where no one knew him.（大屠杀曝光了牧师和校长之间的儿童色情录像交易环）我也找了个地方生活As for me, I found a place too.那里的人们更简单Where people are simpler,更透明easier to understand,更真诚more honest.我感觉舒心多了I feel quiet here. Better.此外..Besides...他们不敢轻易惹我They know better than to try me.