"今日天气  大雪  -2℃"科学上来讲  人类融化可能吗Is it scientifically feasible for a human being to melt?唷  这热度难受死我了Phew! This heat wave is killing me.我在设计这个蜘蛛侠装扮的时候I know when I created this Spider-Man look,要的可是希望的象征I wanted it to be a beacon of hope,但这从头到脚全包的弹性纤维装或许不是最酷的选项but maybe head-to-toe spandex wasn't the coolest idea.超级英雄准则第三条Third rule of superheroics:永远知道换衣服的最佳小巷在哪儿Always know where the best alleys are for changing clothes.不让凡人看到你蜘蛛侠面具下的样子It keeps lookie-loos from seeing your spider-undies.超级英雄准则第四条Fourth rule of superheroics:永远不要用凡人这个词Never use the word "lookie-loo."舒服多了Ah. Much better.我还能赶得及去见哈利呢And I'm even on time to meet Harry.你还好吗Are you okay?- 抱歉  - 谢啦  孩子So sorry. Thanks, kid.- 现在滚开别挡道  - 喂Now get outta the way.  Hey!- 说了抱歉了  - 借过Said I was sorry. Coming through!站住  麦克林Hold it right there, Macklin!干得好  孩子Nice job there, kid.你刚拦住了一个锤头帮的人You just stopped a member of Hammerhead's gang.兰迪·麦克林刚刚抢劫了第五街的一家珠宝店Randy Macklin just robbed the jewelry store on 5th.真希望我们能多碰到像你这样见义勇为的普通人Wish we got more help from regular people like you.那我的工作也能轻松许多了My job would be a lot easier.谬赞了  日安Thanks. Uh, have a good day.我想没有蜘蛛侠外套我也能做个有用的人Wow. Guess I can be just as effective out of my Spidey duds.我应该用彼得·帕克这个身份多在这城市巡逻I need to patrol the city as Peter Parker... Whoa!彼得  你真是个天才Pete, you're a genius!我只是刚好和他碰撞了下  真的Nah. I just got in his way, really.我说的是这个冰冻手套I'm talking about the cryogenic gauntlet.过来看看Take a look at this.我采用了你电邮里告诉我的改进设计I took the revised designs you e-mailed me,重新排列了感应线圈  你看realigned the coils, and look!噢啦  成功了Whoa! We did it!我们创造了一种不需要氟利昂等物质就能冰冻食物的方法We created a way to freeze food without agents like Freon.我们的联合科学项目的成功终于可以向世人宣告Our joint science project will finally show everyone视野中学和奥斯本学院也能和谐that Horizon High and Osborn Academy can work together不针锋相对地合作愉快in a friendly, noncompetitive way.虽然我爸知道后肯定会暴怒Although my dad'll be furious when he finds out.没错  要是视野高中被冰封他肯定支持Yeah. He'll support that when Horizon freezes over. Hmm?我实验室里只有小块的折射物I only had a small refractor in my lab,这是我能冻住的最大的东西了so this is the biggest thing I could freeze.但我若是有更大的But if I had something larger...这是哪里来的  喔喔  漂亮Where did this come from? Oh-ho, that's perfect!我不知道  我先回忆回忆I don't know... Let me just raise the level a notch,你的三明治变得and your sandwich becomes...这冰可能太大块了Oh, that might be too much ice.冰可没有太大块之说No such thing as too much ice.我认识你  麦克林Huh? I know you. Macklin!你是我之前拦住的那个小偷  你猜怎么着You're that thief I stopped earlier! You what?我拦住他了  彼  彼得I stopped him. P-Pete...彼得·帕克做的  我做的Peter Parker did. I did...我挡住了他的去路  帮了警察I helped the cops by getting in his way.然后你帮我保存了我的钻石  现在我要拿回来Then you helped me by holding on to my diamond. But now I want it back.但我们需要它来制造更多冰Hey! But we need that to generate more ice.更多冰哈  就我刚刚看到的那一幕More ice, huh? From what I just saw,或许我应该把这个也拿走maybe I should be taking this too.哈利  你还好吗  别担心Harry, are you okay? Don't worry.- 我来对付他  - 不要妄想一天当两次英雄  孩子I'll take care of him. Don't be a hero twice in one day, kid.回来  你不知道那东西的能力Stop! You don't know what that thing's capable of! Aah!我说我想要更  更酷Not what I h-h-had in mind这和我脑中所想的不一样when I s-said I wanted it to be c-c-cooler.彼得  我们必须把我们的护手套抢回来Pete, we've gotta get our gauntlet back. Huh?你们现在必须做的是开始铲The only thing you've got to do is start shoveling!等下  乔In a sec, Joe.等我先去看看警察是不是还在外面Let me just see if that cop is still outside.不不不彼得  你可不要Oh, no, Pete. You are not pulling再给我来一次  消失another one of your disappearing... acts.他还回来吗He coming back?我可不指望I wouldn't count on it.真希望我在麦克林身上放了追踪器  就能知道他往哪走了Wish I'd put a tracer on Macklin so I knew which way he went... Huh?这可是条连彼得·帕克都能追踪的路了Well, that's a trail even Peter Parker can follow.马克林到底在哪儿Where the heck is Mackerel?是麦克林  弗兰克觉得他应该是被条子抓住了It's "Macklin." And Frankie here thinks he got pinched by the cops.条子  他是有多蠢啊The cops? How stupid can he be?还有比这更简单的任务吗This was an easy job.进去一家珠宝店偷块钻石而已You break into the jewelry store and steal a diamond.看到没  这就是为什么我应该只招收超级坏蛋See this? This right here is why I should only hire supervillains.虽然花的钱多  但成果可是你们普通小偷小摸的十倍They cost more, but they're ten times better than you regular yahoos.我明白了  老板I got it, boss.麦卡林Mack-a-lin!我正说到你呢I was just talking about you.我以为你被条子接走了I thought you were picked up by the cops.没  我从他们手上溜了Nah. I gave 'em the slip.用我的聪明才智Used my noggin.哦  看看他这聪明脑袋Oh, look at the brain on this guy.我最喜欢你聪明的时候了  现在把宝贝给老爹吧I like it when you're smart. Now bring her to Papa.虽然  最聪明的事Although... the smart thing to do应该是继续拿着它would be to hang on to it.什么  你怎可如此无礼What? What did you just say?你自己刚说超级坏蛋更能赚钱Well, you just said supervillains make more dough,只要我把钻石放这手套里面and as long as I got the diamond to put in this glove thing here,我就有超能力了I got superpowers.我看你有的只是厚颜无耻  麦克屎What you got is nerve, Mac-n-cheese!你只是个只配得到普通分成的普通人You're a regular guy who gets his regular cut.你以为自己能造几粒小雪花就能得到冰了吗Well, you think 'cause you can make snow cones now you deserve the ice?把我的钻石交出来You hand over my diamond!哦我想你错了  老板Oh, I don't think so, boss.把我该得的钱给我  否则你Now pay me what I'm worth, or else you和其他之前都看轻我的人and everyone who's ever underestimated me都会得到一个冷冰冰  印象深刻的教训is gonna get a cold, hard wake-up call.你该得到的是死翘翘You're not gonna be worth much dead.伙计们  我们来告诉这笨雪球死是怎么写的Hey, boys, let's show the snowball here how it's done.我警告过你了I warned ya.我得亲手教给你啊  麦克林I gotta hand it to ya, Macklin... Huh?人都说要将人雪藏Most thugs just say they're gonna put people on ice.你却实实在在这么做了You actually do it.我的名字不再是麦克林了The name's not Macklin anymore.我猜猜看Oh? Let me guess.零度先生  冰冻脸Mr. Zero. Fridge Face.偷了不属于自己的技术拿来使用"The Man Who Stole Some Tech That Didn't Belong To Him以为自己天下无敌的盗圣"And Now He Thinks He's A Big Shot" Guy?随你怎么笑  我叫暴风雪Joke all you want. The name's Blizzard.暴风雪  我猜的真接近Blizzard! I was so close.暴风雪  我得和你说说Well, I got news for ya, Blizzard.从一个普通人变成一个超能人It takes more than a name and some cool tech可不仅仅需要个名字和一项酷科技那么简单to go from being a regular guy to a super one.更需要的是能力和责任感It takes power and responsibility!在你祸害他人之前  把护手还给我Now just give me the gauntlet before someone else gets hurt.我来给你省省力气吧  蜘蛛侠Let me save you the suspense, Spider-Man.有人要受害了  那个人就是你Someone is gonna get hurt, and that someone is you.哦哦  蜘蛛丝也冻住了Uh-oh. Webs froze.会冻住的可不止那些That's not all that's gonna freeze.先是你的蜘蛛网First, your webs.然后就是全身Then your whole body!别那么戏精上身Don't be so dramatic.雪人不都是整天乐呵乐呵的I thought snowmen were happy, jolly souls.我觉得我越来越熟练了I think I'm getting the hang of this.锤头鲨总是把我的名字搞错Hammerhead always got my name wrong.但是世界不会了  我暴风雪将闻名于世But the world won't. They'll know me as Blizzard,一个让纽约俯首称臣的人the guy who brought New York City to its knees.名片上这么写是不是有些长That's a little too much to put on a business card.说得对  那就缩短成You're right. Let's shorten it冻住蜘蛛侠的那个人to "The guy who froze Spider-Man."嘿Hey!哈利Harry!那是我的手套That's my gauntlet!那就是我该破除这冰的讯号了And that's my cue to break outta here!啊Aah!小心Look out!不  不  不客  客  气Y-You're w-w-welcome.我做到了  我把蜘蛛侠冻住了I did it! I put Spider-Man on ice!现在该让世界见识见识我的本事了Now let's show the world what I can do.不No!怎么感觉  蜘蛛侠和冰的组合S-S-Somehow thought S-Spider-Man on ice本该配上好多音乐和舞蹈啥的would involve a lot more m-m-music and dancing.等等  你去哪里Wait! Where are you going?- 拿回我的手套  - 让我去吧To get my gauntlet back. Let me do it.我的装备更好一点I'm better equipped than you.我可没把自己冻住I'm not the one who got himself frozen in ice.这倒是  但只要时间充裕  身体的热量将融化坚冰True. But given enough time, the heat of my body should melt the ice.拜托  这可就太慢了Please! That'd take forever.好吧  你有主意么Well, do you have any ideas?因为  暴暴风雪要跑了'Cause B-Blizzard is getting away,你这脑子真还没想出什么金点子and you're not exactly going for the gold here.但是  如果有银就好啦No. But we'd be better off if I got the silver!因为银的比热容是所有元素里最高的Because silver has the highest thermal connectivity of any element!天才Genius!你干什么呢What are you doing?找1964年之前铸造的硬币Looking for quarters that were minted before 1964.那年是最后一次用银铸币That's the last time they made them out of silver.你还说我慢Talk about taking forever.你就喜欢这么欺负我是不You're enjoying this, aren't you?对滴  我就喜欢Yesss. I like showing you让你知道  你需要我们超过我们需要你  蜘蛛侠that you need us more than we need you, Spider-Man.这会儿这话我真是无言以对I can't argue with you at this particular moment,但是现在一定要有人去阻止暴风雪but right now the Blizzard needs to be stopped.所以  劳驾您  角落有几个装满珠宝的包So, if you wouldn't mind, I saw some bags of jewelry in the corner.里面肯定有银质的Some of it's got to be silver.几大包珠宝Bags of jewelry, huh?我得说  我还真没想到Gotta say, this isn't exactly what I expected锤头帮的衣柜里会有这些in Hammerhead's gangster wardrobe.不过这个小公主的头冠可真适合你Although you do look good in that tiara.真是谢谢您解冻我了Thanks for thawing me out.还得谢谢您没称呼我为冰雪奇缘里那个小公主And for not calling me an ice queen.我知道这个梗实在不容错过I know that was probably hard to resist.如果我们有办法稳定那个聚变反应就帮大忙了Would be helpful if we could somehow sustain that fusion process.嘿  你做了个冰冻手套Hey, that cryogenic gauntlet you made.你觉得你能做个制热手套吗Do you think you can make one that generates heat?我觉得应该差不多吧I don't see why not.我在奥斯本学院里有个原型机I've got the original prototype back at Oz Academy.我基友彼得和我一起做的My friend Pete and I made it together.我叫他在那里见  然后我们就一起搞定I'll have him meet me there, and we'll work on it.等等  你听见没  我听见振动了Wait. Do you hear that? I hear a buzzing.啊  呃  不  那啥  冰会影响听觉Huh? Uh, no. I think, uh... pfft... ice messes with sound.嘘  又来了  你没听见么Shh! There it is again. Y-You don't hear that?没Nope.转到语音信箱了  嘿  彼得  是哈利Went to voice mail. Hey, Pete, it's Harry.奥斯本学院见Meet me at Osborne Academy.麦克林正在冻结城市  我们得阻止他Macklin's freezing the city, and we're gonna stop him.通过把制冷的设计换成制热的By turning our cold design into a hot one.妈呀  看来暴风雪Oh, boy. Looks like Blizzard真是一路留下痕迹is definitely trying to make his mark.这次追踪他应该不难了Won't be so easy to follow him this time.当然  冷冻手套里有GPSSure, it will. The cryogenic gauntlet has a GPS built in.- 对啊  确实  - 你怎么知道That's right! It does! How do you know?啊  我想着  这年头  不是啥玩意儿都有GPS么I-I figure most things have GPS nowadays, right?手机啊  车啊  冰冻手套啊Phones, cars, cryogenic gauntlets...你  呃  需要我带你去奥斯本学院么You, uh... You want a lift to Osborn Academy?不用了  拿着这个  这是GPS跟踪器I'm good. Here. Take this. It's the GPS tracker.谢了  告诉警察  用银解冻锤头鲨的手下Thanks. And tell the cops to use that silver to free Hammerhead's gang!注意了  纽约Pay attention, New York.暴风雪超越了兰迪·麦克林的一切The Blizzard is everything Randy Macklin never was:寒冷  华丽  强大Cold, slick, strong...更别说被揍了Not to mention cracked!你现在就专干这个了  荡来荡去  别人正说话呢就踢人一脚So is that your thing, swinging in and kicking people midsentence?因为这都是你第二次这么干了'Cause that's the second time you've done that now.我倒觉得我专门负责把你这种坏蛋绳之以法I like to think my thing is to bring thugs like you to justice!我可不是普通坏蛋  我是暴风雪I'm not a regular thug. I'm the Blizzard!得勒  早知道了Yeah. I got that.但告诉你哦  天气预报显示But guess what? My forecast says今晚监狱会有暴风雪there's gonna be a blizzard in prison tonight,还有百分之百的with a hundred-percent chance of...定罪几率conviction!你什么时候才能知道  你无法阻止我When are you gonna realize that you can't stop me因为你一近身就会被冻住'cause you can't get near me... without freezing?要是还想靠蛛丝荡来荡去就得离他远点Have to get away from him if I want my webbing to work.还得把自己绝缘去把电流接地And insulate myself to ground the current.- 安全之前别出门  - 谢啦  小蜘蛛Stay indoors until it's safe! Thanks, Spidey!我要是不把制服做成冬季模式就没机会了Not gonna survive if I don't winterize my costume.但是视野中学现在已经被埋在雪下了But Horizon's buried under snow at this point.看来我唯一的机会在奥斯本学院了Looks like my only chance is Oz Academy.喔  嘿  收到你消息了Whoo. Hey. Got your message.- 新手套做的怎么样了  - 差不多了How's the new gauntlet coming? Almost done.为啥只有奥斯本集团没被埋在雪下And how is it Oscorp is the only building not buried in snow?老爹为了给整栋楼的外层My dad spared no expense in insulating安装发热单元可是不计成本the building's exterior with auto heating units.基本上跟车上的座椅加热器一个原理It's basically the same technology behind car seat warmers.啊  他可真是天才Uh, the man's a genius.他有没有天才到准备一些保暖内衣啥的He wasn't genius enough to create comfy long johns, was he?我可真是需要那个I sure could use a pair.没  但是我有No. But I was.呃  算是吧  去看我的柜子Uh, sort of. Check my locker.啊Huh?我们在图姆斯的课上的作业We had an assignment in Toomes's class创造一种材料  帮助消防员to create a material that could help firefighters保持正常体温  隔绝外界影响maintain their normal body temperature despite outside conditions,所以  我就做了几个这种保暖衣so, uh, I made a few of those thermo-suits.我以前就是用桌子上那玩意来模拟炎热环境的The stuff on the table is what I used to simulate the hot-weather conditions.哈  厉害了Huh? Impressive.谢天谢地  奥斯本的聪明才智没有隔代遗传Glad to see the Osborn genius didn't skip a generation.当然没  有其父必有其子Nope. Like father, like son.哈Huh?这种材料恰恰可以让我用来给蛛丝做防寒处理These materials are exactly what I need to winterize my webbing.你能把手套的制冷转变成制热了吗Have you been able to convert the gauntlet's cold signature to a heat one?猜猜好了吗And how!来看看这个Now check this out.哈利  你做了什么Harry, what did you do to it?这是我们的手套机制It's our gauntlet tech.我让他变得更方便使用了I just made it more... user friendly.你是说你把它变成武器了You mean you weaponized it.没错  暴风雪就是这么使用我们的冰冻手套的Yeah! That's what the Blizzard did with our original gauntlet,所以我们为什么不用火对抗火so why not fight fire with fire?或者冰对抗火呢Or ice with fire?哈利  我们创造的初衷是为了帮助别人  不是害人Harry, we created the original to help people, not potentially hurt them.他们不会受伤害的  他们会被拯救They're not gonna get hurt. They're gonna be saved.看看这有多炫酷Look how awesome this is.哈利  作为这项技术的合作创始人Harry, as co-creator of that tech,我不能让你这么用它I can't allow you to use it like that.哇  你算老几  我爸吗Wow. What are you, my dad?谁都想阻止我不让我用自己做的东西All anybody wants to do is stop me from using what I make.我不是想当你爸爸  我I'm not trying to be like your dad. I...我只是想留住我们正义的初衷I'm just trying to restore the integrity of our project.拜托  哈利  三思啊Please, Harry. Rethink this.好吧Fine!听着  我没有说你不能Look, I'm not saying you can't... Hmm?这场暴风雪越来越严重了This storm's getting worse.我要去看看梅姨I should go check on Aunt May.你修复好手套告诉我Let me know when you've restored the gauntlet.我真讨厌自己那样子让哈利泄气I hated to discourage Harry like that,但是如果火焰剑落入坏人之手  后果将不堪设想but if that flaming sword ever got in the wrong hands, it could be trouble.幸运的是  现在还没有人知道这些酷比的保暖衣Luckily, no one's getting their hands on these awesome thermals.可喜可贺Mm! Toasty!把手举起来Hands where we can see 'em!你们没说  不许动Aw, you didn't say "freeze."我还指望着你们说不许动呢I was counting on you saying "freeze."我想想  我还可以用什么回归词呢Ehh, now, what were some of my other comebacks? Let's see.不许动  冰冻你"Freeze"... "Gonna put you on ice"...对了  这些人穿着蓝衣Ah, yes! The boys in blue.我们等着看看  当你们的脸色和衣服相配的时候作何感想Let's see how you feel when your faces match your uniforms.哥们  抱歉来晚了  冰雪天总是容易  塞车Sorry I'm late, boys. There was traffic on the... freezeway.你们看看啊Would you look at that?你说的没错  我专门这么干You're right. That is my thing.别人说话时踢人一脚I do like to kick people midsentence.蜘蛛侠Spider-Man,那种温度你是怎么活下来的how are you surviving these temperatures?哦  我现在身上可热了  如果你不信的话Oh, I just got way hotter, if I do say so myself.看看这些温热的蛛丝  宝贝Check out these thermal webs, baby.他们可是火热的They're red hot.你该看看我在冰上写我的名字And you should see me write my name in the snow.你个笨蛋You fool!你以为热蛛丝有用吗You think thermal webs will help?该轮到你It's time for you冷冻下了to chill out!你升级了You're outclassed.但还是很小只But not outsized.你该面对残酷冰冷的事实了  蜘蛛侠Time to face the cold, hard facts, Spider-Man.我要打败你You're going down!你们有没有感到一股冷意从脊梁骨串上来Did anyone else feel a chill run down their spine?听着  暴风雪  谁都喜欢下雪天Look, Blizzard, everyone loves a snow day,但这已经超出喜欢的范围了but this is getting way out of hand!滚吧  暴风雪Back off, blizzard.- 哈利  你在干嘛  - 对抗邪恶Harry! What are you doing? Making a difference.快离开这儿  这里不是你该来的地方Get out of here. This is no place for you.他只是个借用了某种技术想在历史留名的普通人He's just a regular guy who's making his mark with some tech.用了我的技术  我也要这么干My tech! Now I'm gonna do the same.哈利Harry!警官  带他去安全的地方Officer, get this guy to safety.你准备怎么做Well, what are you gonna do?制造些冰焰Create some freezer burn.你不能永远躲在那儿  暴风雪Can't hide in there, Blizzard.或者我应该叫你Or should I say...麦克林"Macklin"?不不不No! No! No!我不是  我可不只是麦克林I'm more than this! I'm more than just Macklin!真的吗  因为我看你马上就要变回普通人了Really? 'Cause it looks like you're back to being a common thug.真的很可笑  你把碳元素进行压缩它会变成钻石Funny how when you put a lot of pressure on carbon, it becomes a diamond.但当你给一个普通人施压But when you put a lot of pressure on a regular person,他们某些人就直接崩溃了some of them just crack.更多冰More ice?那玩意儿源源不断供应There's plenty where that came from.感觉如何How's it feel?痛It hurts.会痊愈的It'll heal.我是说我的自大I meant my ego.为什么我永远造不出我能用的东西呢Why can't I ever create anything that I get to use?先是我爸叫停了我的项目I mean, first my dad sidelines my projects,现在暴风雪和蜘蛛侠抢走了我的风头and now Blizzard and Spider-Man steal my thunder.哈利  是你的发明拯救了大家Harry, your invention saved the day.不  蜘蛛侠救了大家No, Spider-Man saved the day.我只是希望像你今早挡住麦克林的那种时刻I guess I just wanted a moment like you had也能发生在我身上when you stopped Macklin this morning.就是为了这个That's what this is about?哈利  我那只是  碰巧Harry, that was... chance.你拥有的可是智慧What you have is intelligence.我相信只要你带着助人的心一直发明创造And I know that if you keep creating things to help people,那么你也会有你发光的时刻的then chances are... you'll have your moment too.真的很酷  不是吗It was pretty cool, wasn't it?哈利  外面可是零下34度Harry, it was 30 below out there.这城市整个都很酷爽Everything in this city was cool.你安慰人可真差劲You're the worst.你需要什么  年轻人Can I help you, young man?恩  我不知道你听说没Yeah.  I don't know if you heard,我就是拦住那个抢劫了but I was the guy who stopped the burglar这个地方的坏蛋的人that robbed this place yesterday,所以我想  我该来归还这个and so I thought... I'd return this.我们拿来展示的假钻石吗Our fake display diamond?什么假的啦Fake what now?恩  这只是人造宝石Yes. It's cubic zirconia.我们不会在橱窗展示价值高昂的钻石We wouldn't keep a diamond that valuable in the window.所以我又什么都没做成了Oh. So I didn't really do anything?哦  倒也不能这么说Oh, well, I wouldn't say that.你打断了我的午餐You did interrupt my lunch.那我能留着这个吗Would you mind if I keep this then?你为什么想留着一块普通玻璃呢What do you want with an ordinary piece of glass?可别小瞧普通Don't underestimate "ordinary."只要条件适宜  它也能创造非比寻常Under the right circumstances, it can do extraordinary things.唷Phew!从没想过有一天我会享受这热度Never thought I'd be happy to feel this heat wave again.它告诉你就算是生活也有水生火热Guess it goes to show you that even life runs hot and cold.你最好Best you can do...时刻准备着is be prepared.今天And today,穿短裤绝对是正确的wearing shorts definitely helps.蜘蛛侠第一季  第十二集翻译  王十甫寸文翻译  AgnesLee翻译  王十甫寸文校对  王十甫寸文擦枪字幕组XGunSubTeam原创译制bbs.ncar.cc荣誉出品合作洽谈     Q:864413459■■■人人视频APP在线观看美剧离线高清缓存更有海量高清电影扫码即刻下载特别推荐■各大应用市场均可下载■Xgun擦枪小组 有偿招募译制成员 诚邀阁下加入Q群：545053435请注明职务：翻译、听译、aegisub特效（熟练手）对字幕有任何意见和建议的同学请加Q群：544487177