奧伊斯特貝 位于紐約長島 多豪宅Reichstag 德國國會大廈Jawohl:德語希姆萊：德國納粹黨秘密警察頭子第三帝國：即納粹德國das:德語Danke：德語背景音樂 ? I Enjoy Being A Girl演員 編劇 導演 電視劇《法網》中的警官美國著名七姐妹學院之一 現已并入哈佛數學系形容沉默寡言的人算命指卡地亞等四個知名鉆戒品牌背景音樂 ? Hey There著名演員 扮演沉默寡言卻熱心腸的英雄人物尼科爾斯和梅 美國著名的喜劇二人組背景音樂 ? Our Lips Are Sealed好 好那個人離我而去這輩子最令我心痛的不是我的丈夫 我孩子的父親離開了我而是沒能正式和曼尼福德 麥克萊恩約會沒錯 那就是他的真名他相當了不起他是我高中足球隊的隊長天生的領袖下巴尖得你可以拿去刺你的妹妹他是那么英俊瀟灑我媽多年來都在教導我你的美德就是一座花園 勤加澆灌但要在柵欄后面后來我帶他回家吃晚飯 我媽就看了他一眼然后突然跟我說 你知道嗎柵欄也不怎么高跳過去吧來 踩著我的手 我助你一臂之力我們差點一起參加畢業舞會- 哇 - 以朋友的身份 但也很不錯了然后他的前女友 撒旦 從羅德島搬回來了他們破鏡重圓 結婚了有了四個孩子 還在奧伊斯特貝買了- 一所海濱豪宅 - 天啊是的 然后嘿 還有洋蔥醬嗎噓抱歉還有洋蔥醬嗎請繼續吧總之 有一天我看報紙頭版的大標題上寫著華爾街金童 曼尼福德 麥克萊恩被捕 車后備箱中發現其妻頭顱的確如此曼尼福德謀殺了他的妻子被捕前帶著她的頭開車在外轉了一個小時 我簡直不敢相信一定是別人和他重名了但那的確就是他 上了報紙 戴著手銬被押向警局然后我就想 天啊他看上去依舊迷人我說真的比高中時候還要帥 我知道我的第一想法本應是 活該但我想的卻是 怎么說 他單身 我也單身如果他能躲過一劫好了 我應該閉嘴了哈里特的哥哥該給我們彈點音樂了湯米 換你了謝謝大家謝謝洋蔥醬- 別了 愛人 - 好薇薇安 杯子要不夠用了謝謝你指出這么明顯的問題 弗雷德里克保持警惕我想我愛上弗雷德里克了弗雷德里克 他正和化妝品部的萊蒂談戀愛萊蒂幾天前把他甩了我聽說他愛上了后勤部的卡羅爾- 她是誰 - 是他真有古希臘遺風傳這種謠言影響可不好這些越來越沉了放臺子上吧下次用塑料杯子吧你出錢我就用給我吧 你是被熊養大的嗎謝謝你 瑪麗杯子來了- 你好 空虛 - 小心看著點注意保持平衡 伙計們很好我太不該興了你好小姐 請幫幫我 我迷路了- 我在找國會大廈 - 國會大廈你沒聽說過這座著名的德國建筑嗎華麗 高大 沒有電梯那些臺階夠你爬斷腿 哈哈你看起來很面熟- 我認識你嗎 - 不 不我長得比較大眾你叫什么名字我的名字 呃 是 艾 洛夫那是名字“好的” 是這個- 不常見 - 艾 洛夫你姓什么希特勒 伯格好吧我必須告訴你 艾 洛夫 希特勒伯格先生你離國會大廈還遠著呢那個賤人希姆萊在我毫無準備的情況下就把我派來了我是不是說了 希姆萊我的意思是 希姆萊斯坦他是怎么跟你說的他說要左轉 然后再左轉- 然后就到了第三帝國 - 好吧他就是那么說的 第三帝國- 好的 - 很高興你也同意好吧你離你的祖國有十萬八千里遠真的嗎另外 你蹦出的德語單詞真是令人難忘- “謝謝” - 你現在在紐約市紐約市 有意思你能推薦幾個吃快餐的地方嗎我感覺有點餓拐角有一家非常好吃的熟食店我不愛吃熟食那你喜歡吃什么要最法西斯的 最快的今天真是糟糕披薩到了 趕緊交錢我其實不是艾 洛夫 希特勒伯格你騙到我了我是蘭道爾 薇薇安第五個最喜歡的表哥米琪 薇薇安第三十四個最好的朋友我的什么沒什么- 他是喜劇演員 - 你是嗎- 我是什么 - 喜劇演員你不會沒看出來吧- 不 你很歇斯底里- 我接受你的同情是的 我干這行有一段日子了 幾乎就靠它吃飯找了經紀人 有了經理 到處巡演 上過電視事實上 我得走了我半小時后在市區還有演出糟糕的時段 但是- 你試過用牛腩嗎 - 牛腩私人笑話再見我不在的時候不準這么有趣你不能和蘭道爾在一起 我愛上他了他是你表哥 薇薇安遠房表哥我們去聊聊吧 親愛的嘿 杰克 韋布 我看上去像是會買你店里東西的人嗎去跟著那些給情人買東西的男人吧那肯定更有意思我個人很喜歡這個不過這個就有點夸張了喜歡哪一個就告訴我我不知道我之前很少化妝的這是我女兒的主意藍色很適合你我不知道- 剛才那支是什么來著 - 人魚藍想試試嗎- 我不知道 - 來我女兒說我應該多試幾種她說我應該在結束之前多享受生活在什么結束之前我的生命 她說我的人生就是一場失敗我什么都不愛參與 所以我丈夫不愛跟我說話自從去了拉德克里夫學院 我女兒就變得心直口快了好了你覺得怎么樣我不知道你好 請問那是人魚藍嗎抱歉 我很著急 我男人要到家了而我的人魚藍眼影用完了如果他回到家發現我沒涂上它那就真是完了- 真的嗎 - 這還用問他之前一刻時間都不肯給我更不要說 呃 一整個白天的時間了然后我就來了這里- 還記得我來的時候嗎 - 當然你來這里 我們談到了我告訴你我的人生一團糟 你賣給了我人魚藍現在我重煥生機了我是說 我快破產了 因為這東西價格不菲但說真的 它值得- 我的天啊 - 是啊如果它對你管用的話- 我要兩支 - 太好了你不會失望的瑪格 能幫我接待一下溫特斯太太嗎我要接待我的回頭客您好 我來幫助您哇 哇 哇叫我終結者好了看見你我有點驚訝有日子沒見了 而且上次我們說了那些話所以 你感到抱歉了嗎- 是的 - 很好那這事兒就翻篇兒了所以 這兒現在是你消遣的地方嗎嗯 你知道我從來都不喜歡寄人籬下一無是處我知道這份工作不錯 姑娘們都很友好員工休息室有一臺自動售貨機壞掉了 所以如果你敲一下 就會有免費的糖果- 你過得還不錯 - 抱歉打擾下米琪 我父母讓我幫他們籌辦星期五的二十五周年紀念日- 星期五 時間這么倉促 - 我知道我完全不知道他們那個年紀的人聚會都做什么我媽媽一直在說什么canapés那是一種老年舞蹈嗎是一種開胃菜你總是無所不知 能給點建議嗎請人幫忙- 準備椅子 很多椅子 - 對- 老年人需要坐著 - 邀請一些你的朋友給你一些精神支持誰會愿意去做這樣的事情- 我可以啊 - 你會嗎我的天 我愛死你了我愛她哈- 預定到一個演出 - 抱歉 你什么意思就是我最近在做的事情而已我最近一直在參加聚會- 所以呢 - 我去參加聚會然后侃侃而談- 而不是 - 人們喜歡聽我談天說地到目前為止 我都是去年輕人的聚會 像薇薇那種年紀的我還沒去參加過老年人聚會呢所以這是一個絕佳的機會我得調整下我的一些笑料的尺度但你必須得能夠讀懂觀眾 對吧你們的那個糖果售賣機里有麻醉藥賣嗎我解釋不清楚 我你來了就懂了 星期五- 我去不了 我有別的安排 - 什么安排就是不要參加無聊得要死的老年人聚會來吧 看一看 你就會明白 會理解的我會打電話告訴你地址穿的 干凈整潔點好了 所有人時間到了把試卷放我桌上如果你有寫上正確答案的話否則就不用交了- 亞伯 - 你好 歐文- 怎么了 - 我想給你介紹下查爾斯 康奈利貝爾實驗室的招聘主管貝爾實驗室你有時間聊幾句嗎當然我們稱之為回聲項目 亞伯衛星技術的量子飛躍這會帶來巨大的商業影響更不用說它的防御能力了這會徹底改變通信行業貝爾實驗室引領著整個行業亞伯 我們在組織最優秀 最聰明的人才來幫助我們實現這一目標- 我能打斷下嗎 - 當然我不想參與制造人造衛星恐慌這事就有那種味道沒有恐慌 亞伯我們這么做是正確的我們從不草率地搞研發你的同事 比爾 切爾尼克比爾和亞伯已經認識很久了比爾 切爾尼克是個優秀的人才他已經和我們商談了有段時間了去問問他 你會聽到讓你滿意的答案的這也行不通啊我的課程安排很滿我們可以協調 減輕你的工作量不 我不愿意這樣我們會按照你的日程表安排現如今迫切需要像您這樣的應用型數學家我們需要你我說過他很難邀請所以我們更想邀請你加入在安全調查期間貝爾實驗室隨時等候您的佳音我得回家了我和你一起走請仔細考慮下慢慢來 隨時打電話問任何問題- 我應該不會有什么問題 - 隨時打電話我會再向你拋出橄欖枝謝謝你的時間星期一見 亞伯我們要出去吃飯亞伯羅斯 羅斯 快過來我們出去吃飯紅寶石餐廳 樂閣餐廳 隨便哪家亞伯 慢點說 我們為什么要出去吃貝爾實驗室 羅斯我收到了貝爾實驗室的工作邀請- 什么 - 貝爾實驗室落戶這里了我的天 亞伯你應該看看我如何應對那個招聘主管我裝得很冷靜我就像這樣點了點頭好像又在搖頭很認真 又半信半疑你看起來十分的可疑他恨不得我馬上點頭同意這是一個規模很大的聯盟 羅斯這是發明的溫床你們都喜歡的電視機- 要感謝貝爾實驗室的研發的晶體管 - 不會吧外公 我正看著呢巴丁 布拉頓和肖克利因為這個獲得了諾貝爾獎現在我將加入他們的行列中去我們去哪兒吃晚餐什么晚餐我們要出去 全家人打電話給諾亞和阿斯特麗德他收到了貝爾實驗室的工作邀請哇 爸爸 祝賀你非常感謝你一直都癡迷于貝爾實驗室大概有20年了吧我才沒有癡迷他們我的整個童年 都是貝爾實驗室這個 貝爾實驗室那個說什么 我的天 我愿意放棄熏牛肉只要能在貝爾實驗室工作我可能有這么說過有一年 我們還去參觀了貝爾實驗大樓 就在外面看了看- 因為不讓我們進去 - 你們幾個孩子在人行道上玩耍 而你爸爸跳來跳去- 想從窗戶偷看一看 - 是的好像有那么一兩次吧那是我的上衣嗎- 是的 感覺不太合適 - 為了什么好吧 我在說很重要的事情你們居然在談論衣服我得去換衣服了 祝賀你 爸爸我經常得到貝爾實驗室的工作嗎居然沒人愿意和我一起慶祝亞伯 親愛的 我們會找個完美的晚上給你慶祝和諾亞還有阿斯特麗德嗎他們會來的我是說 這可是貝爾實驗室啊我們 我們都很為你感到驕傲媽媽 你的綠裙子在哪兒在洗衣店糟糕我從來不確定我適合桃色嗎我確定給你迪奧的太完美了所以你要去參加另一個聚會這周第四次了 對嗎這周四次 上周三次當然 這意味著他們已經看遍了我衣櫥里的衣服只能換你的了這些朋友是你和喬爾的嗎不是 新朋友一起工作的女孩子們你覺得怎么樣可愛 低調- 低調 - 嗯- 換一件 - 你不想要保持低調我需要脫穎而出你一直都很耀眼我需要以一種非常具體的方式表現出來那你可以一絲不掛那倒會吸引一些注意我難道不知道嗎跟我說說別等我死了跟我說說 這些聚會上有男人嗎又不是修女聚會 媽媽你知道 一個女孩獨自在聚會上- 只傳達出一個信息 - 什么- 我是獵物 來追我吧 - 很好- 米里亞姆 - 說真的我正好在想一句口頭禪 就這個了你應該等等再去參加這些聚會太快了我要搭上手套這樣看起來更漂亮- 米里亞姆 - 謝謝你的裙子 媽媽- 你在這兒干什么 - 我干什么你邀請我來參加這個愚蠢的聚會不是 我意思你在電梯里干嘛你不是要離開 對吧不是 我為了等你 騎著這匹金色的伊卡洛斯馬上上下下快一個小時了你得有點時間觀念 小姐出租車太少了那你還在等我邀請你嗎趕緊進來啊我已經對這棟樓了如指掌了六樓的老家伙患了癌癥太可怕了我鼓勵了他聯系他女兒自從她離婚后就一直住在外面她現在來了 給他做飯這很好你聽到了嗎四樓的那對夫妻 他們已經吵了整整半個小時他捏了一個姑娘的屁股 她看見了可能是那個癌癥患者的女兒我希望她沒有鼓勵這種行為順便說下 你看起來不錯謝謝- 干凈的襯衣嗎 - 看你怎么定義干凈好吧 這是我參加過最糟糕的聚會了我們才剛走進門我們去吃點熱狗或者別的什么吧不 不 不 別走- 米琪 嗨 - 嗨 瑪麗這是我朋友 蘇西 蘇西 這是瑪麗嗨 蘇西 進去吧 見見其他人我想我懂了等會兒里面見 瑪麗很高興見到你- 真夠煩人的 - 你才煩人來吧 既來之則安之為什么會有心智正常的人參加聚會和買巧克力球和啤酒在高峰時間乘坐地鐵 都他媽是一個道理抱歉 我就是搞不懂米琪 我感覺我陷入愛河了- 又來了 - 過來看看他 告訴我 我是不是瘋了他是我爸爸的老板70歲了耳聾還是已婚 但別那么保守那是我的信號等一下等一下我懂了 我懂了瑪麗 我懂了哇 你們的銀婚紀念日你丈夫看起來很開心也許我們需要一個更好的獎勵讓男人們能關心他們的銀婚紀念日因為男人真正關心什么銀婚紀念日呢也許是洋基隊25周年紀念門票是啊是的 然后是50周年紀念日門票我們需要真正的好東西也許是另一個女人的乳房紀念日我 個人來講 我一直不擅長送禮物也許是因為我從來都不慶祝圣誕節因為我過光明節完全不同的方式慶祝過圣誕節 非猶太人會獲得一輛自行車作為父母愛孩子的證據過光明節 我們會得到襪子以提醒我們曾被迫害過嘿 你看起來很開心心滿意足順便說下我吃了所有的蛤蜊瞧 聚會也沒那么糟我正在想一個好辦法在我的帽子里藏一只龍蝦- 所以你有沒有看我的秀 - 你的什么就剛剛 你聽到我逗他們的笑聲了嗎是的 我聽到笑聲了很有趣 對吧你就是個有趣的女人你能把蘆筍遞給我嗎我幾周前想出來這個光明節的梗但之后我還磨了好多遍是啊 很不錯的磨練親愛的 親愛的 快過來好的 親愛的到窗戶這邊來你肯定想看這個- 噓 - 我要看什么什么都沒有 傻瓜 窗簾拉著我真是無藥可救讓我們拉開窗簾這兒 看又是街對面的鄰居妻子剛回家她脫掉大衣她丈夫過來說你好- 然后呢 - 噢你看見了嗎他狠狠地摔了一跤他到底是怎么摔倒的不管為什么 他撿起了一個東西看起來像是毛巾 不是 是只貓- 他被一只貓絆倒了 - 他很生氣貓還是男人他們兩個都很激動你是猶太人 我以前都不知道20年的婚姻生活 我們仍需要繼續- 了解彼此 - 我喜歡這樣的我們他和貓一番搏斗- 貓抓掉了他的假發 - 貓幫了他大忙他把貓扔出了窗外我的天這輛車必須有一個漂亮的車庫和一個豪華的大房子陪襯但我沒料到你這個月會拿到錢他不在乎我在哪兒弄來的我告訴過你拿出來然后丟掉可憐的弗吉尼亞皮特從來不聽她說 看看他現在惹得麻煩男人只聽信男的 還有調酒師她真的認為生氣會有用嗎為什么這些編劇不給她一個男朋友 或者一把槍- 我的天 今天這是怎么了 - 抱歉我只是有點消沉- 一切都四分五裂了 - 堅持住減肥最好的方法是什么- 商業廣告 - 是胡吃海喝 還是餓死自己一個半空的好了米里亞姆都不戴她的結婚戒指了我們需要玻璃球喬爾搬去和他的女朋友住了- 那個秘書 - 破壞別人家庭的小三就像來自黑夜邊緣的莎夏陰魂不散她什么都不是 我知道不會長久如果秘書消失的話喬爾就會回家你想讓她消失嗎我有表親 他們干這行的- 你說什么 - 沒什么我看看玻璃球我看見一個陌生男人走向了米里亞姆我的天 不但他很快又過去了 是的 他不見了- 感覺好點了嗎 - 沒關系會有另一個男人和另一個和另一個 她周旋其中每天晚上她都打扮的漂漂亮亮去參加聚會就像是她放棄了喬爾 正在尋找丈夫她不明白離婚是很可怕的 是的但是進入第二段婚姻- 更糟 - 特別糟糕再婚會被說成失敗至少離婚聽起來好點兒最好是如果喬爾死了 她成了寡婦至少還有尊嚴你想讓喬爾死嗎再說遍 我有表親- 我不明白 - 好吧 我放棄我看到了米里亞姆腳下有一條路她會好起來的 我保證告訴你 我會做奎寧水放進她的湯里 會幫助她留住好運- 謝謝你 迪娜 - 你還是憂心忡忡我有好辦法讓你分心噓 噓我肯定你會喜歡這種顏色 瑪拉塞克夫人 下次再見你給我這樣的膚色推薦什么顏色呢 小姐蒼白色 我建議斯巴克- 再加上一把油灰刀 - 還是算了吧- 那你來這兒干什么 - 我有一個提議（求婚）祝你好運戒指在三樓- 記住四個C - 一個事業提議但不能在這兒說你今天晚點有時間嗎我還有一小時下班我們能在熟食店碰面嗎 - 當然很好給我指下順手牽羊部門在哪兒二樓 南邊服務周到你好米琪 這是空手道教練 盧 福格爾曼我是蘭德爾的經紀人他和威廉 莫里斯一起 所以看起來眼熟我有點印象米琪 麥瑟爾我聽說你很了不起我開始喜歡你了我們坐下說吧我的客戶跟我說 他要和你一起吃飯我就在附近希望你不要介意我過來熟食店是面向所有人營業的他大有前途 這個- 只是不適合娛樂圈 - 你能閉嘴嗎- 你把我們都惹怒了 - 我在可愛地自嘲新簡歷上這么說- 你讓我寫的 - 無論如何 他提到了你們最近成立組合的事情這讓我很感興趣- 組合 - 只是在派對上僅供娛樂 不過你有沒有想過更專業的合作- 我不明白 - 有時候一位迷人而風趣的男士摟著一個可愛又傻乎乎的婆娘 這樣的組合可是賣點滿滿- 我就是那個傻乎乎的婆娘 - 好吧我來當那個傻乎乎的 你來扮演風趣迷人的角色很好那么你是想 和我同臺演出像我們這樣的二人組總是倍受商家歡迎的不管是商業廣告 無線廣播 還是工業股票以及各種公司活動 你可以講笑話在表演時不停地提到他們的產品你很漂亮你可以憑這些大賺一筆- 真的嗎 - 我們會大紅大紫的誰知道呢 我們也許會成為下一個尼克爾斯和梅- 你不知道尼克爾斯與梅嗎 - 我應該知道嗎下次他們來鎮上演出的時候 你應該去一趟- 我們要去一趟 - 說起來你們兩個先聊 我有事先走了這頓飯我請 控制在一千塊以內喲和您共餐 榮幸之至我會把十分之一的湯團打包寄給你 盧那我欣然接受他會付賬的好極了下次我們改在薩克斯的鞋店見面好了我他媽才不管你的招牌上寫什么- 這是經理的決定 - 你那群混賬朋友來待在我部門里 指手畫腳他們不會指手畫腳 他們只是經理的客人那就請他們去別的部門待著可是只有一個部門 就是你的那個啊我他媽不干了 蘇西那我會心碎的- 你好 煤油燈 - 嗨 我是米琪我留了一堆消息 讓杰基給你- 他給你了嗎 - 等下杰基 你那有沒有米琪留給我的什么消息- 大概有吧 - 混蛋 - 混蛋你不要老是插入話題 無緣無故罵我混蛋總要有個理由吧你在呼吸 這就是理由你倆不如離婚算了說真的你留了什么消息我只是聯系一下你你那天晚上走得很早- 哦 那天沒有黃油了 - 黃油 好吧我們應該過兩天- 再見一面 好嗎 - 好的對了 你和那個人進展如何- 什么人 你是說蘭道爾 - 應該是吧我們在派對上共同表演- 大受歡迎 - 什么 他自認為- 很風趣或者怎樣嗎 - 他確實很風趣- 你在開玩笑吧 - 沒有 他是個專業的喜劇演員他甚至在考慮我們去為工業企業表演- 工業企業 - 沒錯怎么 你要在展臺上面轉來轉去地推銷別克汽車嗎那又怎么了 別克車很不錯啊米里亞姆 他在用花言巧語哄騙你他不過是為了和你上床他不是為了和我上床- 他只是想上你 - 他是想讓我跟他合作他說我們會像尼克爾斯和梅那樣尼克爾斯和梅又沒有發生關系他們就是發生關系了- 他沒這么說 - 我有一次經過的時候他們正在浴室里 他們做愛都很滑稽你現在太粗魯無禮了蘭道爾是很正派的人我見過他的經紀人 還有關于他的所有- 你 你見過他的經紀人了 - 在熟食店見的叫盧什么來著 威廉 莫里斯認識他他是個不錯的人 還請我們吃午餐蘇西 馬桶又壞了你大概會想讓經理去管理一下你是故意的好吧 我有事 掛了祝你推銷別克成功我找不到我的袖扣了你檢查過袖口了么 爸爸那是我的金伯爾袖扣 我每天都戴著它- 我需要我的芬奇利袖扣 - 亞伯 沒有它們你- 還是一樣帥氣 - 那是芬奇利夜色版我去看下孩子們房間里有沒有孩子們沒拿你的芬奇利袖扣我本來有袖扣 你孩子住進來以后我就找不到了結論很顯然大家好 是我 阿斯特麗德- 快進來 - 嗨你好啊諾亞呢阿斯特麗德 下次你能不能在我- 停好車之后再下去 - 抱歉- 我們說過這個了 - 我控制不住我從以色列帶了禮物回來伊斯和伊森呢 我的小寶貝們呢他們已經被送到保姆那里了不要別擔心 保姆馬上要帶他們回來了- 沒找到我的袖扣 - 噢 你看起來英俊瀟灑 亞伯我現在還不如裸奔那我們喜聞樂見爸 我從一個朋友那拿到了貝爾實驗室的圖表 有大量的信息和說明現在就開始研究它竟然對媽媽視而不見抱歉 媽 見到你很開心米琪 見到你也很開心你對我可有可無阿斯特麗德 我要是拿這么多東西早就累了- 快放下吧 - 因為你們的房子太漂亮了 而且我知道你喜歡所有東西井井有條 也許諾亞可以把這些東西先放回車子里 等孩子們回來再拿 或者- 給我吧 - 謝謝那個袋子里是什么魚餅凍- 我就知道是這個 - 我試了一種新配方羅斯 你會很開心的 因為里面沒有洋蔥開心不足以表達我的心情- 我來吧 夫人 - 謝謝 塞爾達- 你知道放到哪里吧 - 是的 我知道給 這是給你的老實說 阿斯特麗德 你不必每次去以色列都給我們帶禮物- 我 - 這是你第幾次去了第六 還是第七次第十一次那片圣潔的土地 我總也逛不夠好漂亮的門柱圣卷我從來沒見過那么大的它看起來好像吃掉了其他所有的同類一樣大的不好嗎- 沒 - 我可以把它帶回去- 帶回以色列 - 羅斯 貝爾實驗室有兩個自助餐廳兩個烹飪風格完全不同我可以選一家 我要去選一家我最好去讓他們冷靜一下不然他們就對晚飯失去興致了我也給你帶了禮物又是一個大圣卷嗎這真是個糟糕的禮物- 阿斯特麗德 不是的 - 不 羅斯得到了一個門柱圣卷你也有一個 這又不是鞋子又不能每個季節都換是不能 不過如果我們搬到一個很大的房子里我只是希望羅斯喜歡我她很喜歡你 她愛你 阿斯特麗德- 我讓她很緊張 - 呼吸都能讓她緊張起來我以為和你們信仰同一個宗教能好一點我知道對你們家來說 接納一個外人很不容易你不是外人我聽到一些關于我們婚禮的閑言碎語- 沒人閑言碎語 - 諾亞娶的那個非猶太姑娘- 是怎么回事 - 格蒂姑媽也是我是個外人 而且我還不孕阿斯特麗德 你還年輕不 不年輕了 我已經30歲了我們明天又要去看婦科醫生了他是利用子宮帽授精方面的專家所有人戴帽子都很好看我都不敢去了我是說 如果這次還是沒有用呢你和喬爾是怎么有孩子的呃 做愛好吧 看來大部分人都是通過那種方式- 親愛的 - 我們努力了七年 我是說如果他拋棄我怎么辦諾亞不會拋棄你的你各方面都那么完美 可是你丈夫還是拋棄你了諾亞愛你我知道你覺得他太完美了但我是他姐姐 我可以跟你講實話他就是個碰巧走運娶對了人的呆子- 不 - 我是認真的 你把他從實驗室里孤獨寂寞的生活中解救出來所以他哪也不會去的 好嗎- 米里亞姆 阿斯特麗德 我們該走了 - 好吧好吧已經讀到八年級了柏黛絲基小姐承受著數學作業和考試成績的巨大壓力我主動提出給她幫忙我是新轉到她班上的她覺得一個13歲的小屁孩要幫她的忙聽起來很搞笑猶太教中對于教育的重視可能是我最為贊賞的一點無論如何 她讓我試了一試然后我完美地幫她打了分甚至都不用看答案她驚訝地看著我 然后說亞伯拉罕 魏斯曼 你是天生的數學家太讓我自豪了你跟她還有聯系嗎- 那個蠢貨嗎 沒有 - 亞伯什么 她那天改的試卷里面有錯誤她都沒發現我把它們都改正過來后就立刻- 轉班了 - 他不知道適可而止 他一定要繼續說那次之后她就辭職了 我建議的我們來舉杯吧我長這么大從來沒聽懂過亞伯 魏斯曼說的話是什么意思有一回我真不該問他那天過得怎么樣45分鐘過去了 他還說個不停而我已經回房睡覺去了所以為了我們倆好我很高興他終于找到了真正和他有共同語言的人而且很顯然 不管他說的是什么其實都很令人傾佩讓我們一起祝賀我的父親- 致偉大的亞伯魏斯曼 - 干杯干杯(希伯來語)- 怎么辦 - 我們走吧- 我們不走 - 他幾乎和我們正對著等會 她就是那個秘書嗎城里面有上千家餐廳能遇到的幾率有多大百分之零點零一萬六千分四百四十是百分之零點零一萬二千三百我把天氣因素都考慮進來了有些餐廳星期一不開門沒錯 但我算的是地理位置上 質量上的- 差異性 - 我們懂了 兩位 幾率很低她看起來甚至都不像是猶太人- 她是猶太人還是 - 我們走吧- 爸爸 今晚是你的慶祝宴別被他掃興怪不得我找不著我的芬奇利袖扣這是個預兆 我應該注意到的爸爸 你的袖扣丟了不是預兆她的腳踝跟她的小腿一樣粗夠了 如果我們要留下來 我們應該聊個別的話題我們還是走吧把蛋卷放進你的包里- 我的包是絲綢做的 - 好吧有口袋的人 裝個蛋卷走- 我去打輛車 - 我們走回去吧- 我穿著高跟呢 - 好吧 我們打車回去- 諾亞 去叫輛車 - 好的的士- 的士 - 嘿 的士- 米琪 - 喬爾 拜托- 我很抱歉 - 沒關系- 我不知道你會在這 - 是的- 我不知道你來了 - 沒有 我們從來沒來過格林格拉斯餐廳和拉巴超市的人都避開我我大老遠跑到東區去只是為了買包煙我們在慶祝 是個特別的聚餐我父親要到貝爾實驗室工作了貝爾實驗室嗎 哇 太棒了 他終于如愿以償一個特別的聚餐 僅此而已我再也不會來這里了我們再也不會來這了我很抱歉 我只是我不是有意要破壞你們今晚的興致你沒有你應該回里面去了告訴你的太棒了去貝爾實驗室這是拉比 施內爾森一個非常偉大的人 每個包裹里都有這張卡所以沒人會找你要走他酸豆和芥末冰箱里我只認得這兩樣東西我們應該把香檳也帶走的- 它已經開封了 - 這就是為什么上帝創造了漏斗等會 我找到了白軟干酪- 我喜歡白軟干酪 - 這張是Hirchensohn霍博肯的拉比領袖你見過Hirchensohn的圣卷嗎說實話 我從來沒見過拉比會交易卡片猶太人的一大奇觀另一奇觀是在基布茲集體農場上過安息日好了 這碗可能是湯或者肉汁 我不知道一碗褐色的湯或汁 誰想喝這也不是白軟干酪了我簡直不敢相信真的有人進來這里偷走了魚餅凍 不然我們現在就能吃上了- 令人震驚 - 你確定不在這里嗎- 我找過了 - 我們找過了我可以去睡覺了嗎當然可以 親愛的來 我帶你去 我可以順便潛進去偷偷親一下埃絲特寶貝了不 寶寶才剛睡著 阿斯特麗德我保證你明天早上就可以親她了晚安 伊森 好夢餅干 我找到餅干甭管你弟弟說的話了我宣布你是我最愛的孩子不會長久的- 什么不會長久 - 喬爾和那個女人我看到他看表了 兩次- 媽媽 別 - 相信我那個女孩要出局了來塊餅干換根煙嗎如果被爸媽發現了 都是你的主意今晚那頓飯真夠嗆怎么 有什么異常狀況嗎我當時沒留意我還是不相信你跟喬爾分開了我也沒想過 相信我太令人失望了 我以前挺喜歡他的天啊 還有他旁邊那女的我看到他 我就在想 我要去揍他我差點就去了但我想起那次我們在開玩笑我假裝打了他手臂一拳撞折了我的小手指- 什么 - 他看起來不壯但他的手臂像磚墻那樣結實- 是啊 他的手臂很結實 - 太丟人了隔天上班我不得不編故事- 說我在公園遭搶劫了 - 你沒告訴過我這些這還不算是我最男子氣概的軼事我真的恨他傷了你心 唉謝了下次記得找個上身力量很弱的男人- 一定會 - 我想為你出頭- 我很感激 - 但我要在隔天能抓穩一支筆諾亞 聽著 你要幫我一個忙 好嗎隨時效勞別拋棄阿斯特麗德我的天 我不會拋棄阿斯特麗德的- 她覺得你會 - 我不會我跟她說過無數次了 我不會的- 她擔心 - 孩子 我知道她很喜歡孩子我不在乎我們有沒有孩子 我想養只狗她快把自己逼瘋了她快把我逼瘋了我不知道該拿她怎么辦每當她腦子里冒出什么想法比如說改變信仰這件事她一定要報名參加轉變信仰的速成套餐不到三周內從異教徒成為猶太人課程 典禮 還有地下室奇怪的洗禮還有 我的天 這么多白面包- 我記得 - 所有這些都為了討好媽媽不吃面包的媽媽如果要我去以色列- 再多一次 - 就 拜托了要至死不渝我保證她是個幸運的姑娘我該回屋里了我這是無故曠工嘿 這你的舊唱機還有色情喜劇唱片別告訴媽媽喬爾落下的嗎不是 是我的你知道我從來不懂他為什么要做喜劇有一回我們去看他表演 他看起來也不是那么有趣你才是有趣的那個你一直都是有趣的那個謝謝阿斯特麗德親了你的寶寶躲不過的晚餐真好吃我在想左宗棠雞里是不是真的有左宗棠你自己下車吧我要回辦公室一趟好吧別等我了你是哪位蘇西 梅耶森 很高興見到你這個非洲面具感覺有點格格不入- 你怎么進來的 - 這還用問嗎- 所有威廉 莫里斯公司的人都在一點到兩點去吃中飯經紀人 秘書 保安 門衛我在走廊上裸奔都可以沒有人會來攔我你們這些人怎么都要吃中飯- 就沒有人會吃早餐嗎 - 從我座位上起來很抱歉 你不喜歡別人搶你的位置嗎猜怎么著 我不會搶你的位置只要你不槍我的夠了 我要叫保安了算了吧 盧 我把電話線都剪斷了你說什么我沒有剪斷電話線 我只不過一時沉浸在了鮑嘉的電影里 挺酷的你他媽到底是誰你代理的一個家伙 叫什么蘭德爾我不知道他姓什么 你是他經紀人 對吧他把一個叫米琪 麥瑟爾的女人介紹了你認識沒錯 然后呢然后 我是米琪 麥瑟爾的經紀人- 你是她的代理人 - 沒錯而且她目前不需要一個來自威廉 莫里斯的經紀人 她有我在就夠了那你是哪來的 告訴我這些盧 我們都清楚要怎么利用像米琪這樣的人 一個女喜劇演員 長得好看剛上道 不會唱歌你們在熟食店碰面 像你說的 一切都很隨意然后你會籌備一頓昂貴的午餐 總是有這樣的午餐不斷灌輸她們希望 還有她們的夢想你承諾了一切 可你根本不會兌現而且如果她們在亮相五分鐘內沒有驚艷全場你就會拋棄她們她不需要你她不需要蘭德爾 她需要的是我- 是嗎 - 是你能幫她拉到什么人脈你能幫你那班混蛋們拿到的同樣的人脈我們兩個人強強聯手要是你再敢靠近米琪我就把你還有這整棟樓都毀掉做不到我決不罷休還有 這是我的名片以防你哪天會需要婆婆蛋糕- 波旁威士忌酒 - 我喜歡這個組合進來吧一級棒的黃油烤蛋糕如果你喜歡的話坐吧我喜歡你把房子打理成這樣- 是嗎 - 是的 看起來我們要慶祝什么呢還沒 我想先說幾句好吧 聽起來挺嚴肅的- 你買了個電話 - 沒錯你說你沒有電話是啊 我是個荒誕的樂天派你過得怎么樣我挺好的很好 很好 所以你沒有精神失常- 我想我沒有 - 因為你看起來像精神失常你在說些什么你在做的這些派對巡回我不知道你把它們當作什么但這不是單口相聲這不是喜劇表演 只是派對罷了懂嗎 沒有人會付錢給你 沒有人會找你預約而且那些人都不是真正的觀眾他們不過是在免費痛飲時禮貌地對你點點頭回家后就在議論那個一晚上說個不停的瘋女人我知道這些都不是真的表演你知道嗎 我看不像- 而且第二點 - 剛剛沒有說第一點你不需要一個該死的男人跟你搭檔你到底怎么想的你們想成為二流尼科爾斯和梅嗎因為已經有一流的尼科爾斯和梅了他們可是尼科爾斯和梅你本來可以當原版的 但你這些荒誕的派對世界巡演把一切都搞砸了這是你想做的嗎- 是的 - 真的嗎- 沒錯 - 我真的無語了你要我把電話扔了嗎 我可以把它- 扔掉 - 別扔電話我不需要這個該死的電話我沒有任何人可聯系我是為了你才搞來這個電話為了我以為我們已經開始的合作- 我們是開始了合作 - 那你新的經紀人知道嗎他不是 我的你再也不能私自去見別的經紀人了 從今以后我不知道他會在那里 我發誓放屁 你不是個白癡立馬給我打住這雙小鹿斑比般天真無邪的眼神我受夠了你裝作很無辜的樣子我對外面的世界一竅不通因為我是個家庭主婦我還穿著四層襯裙太累太軟弱了你不累 而且你他媽一點都不軟弱如果你想成為一個喜劇演員你就他媽的立刻給我長大我很抱歉 我我最近很迷茫我試著變得強大和獨立但那晚我碰到喬爾了 他和她在一起而且每次當我以為可以挺過去 結果不能我試著讓自己走出來我試著讓自己想明白我知道派對不是喜劇表演我知道我不是真的在做單口相聲我不想成為二流的尼科爾斯和梅我甚至沒聽說過尼科爾斯和梅而且我告訴你如果你要做私人經紀人那么有時候你就要處理個人私事而這就是我個人渾身上下不是只有協議和教訓有時候你要幫我買些克里奈克斯紙巾讓我哭出來 拍拍我的背- 然后說 好啦 好啦 - 好吧 我可能不你會聽到我講起我的丈夫還有我的孩子- 他們兩個嗎 - 沒錯 兩個都講而且你不能在我覺得世界崩塌的時候再躲開我了我做的不好你也要說我好- 你要我說謊嗎 - 沒錯這就是經紀人該做的事情你明白嗎好啦 好啦好點了嗎是的好點了很好明天我們要簽些該死的文件最后幾個簽名了 我保證責任通常都伴隨著- 過度的文書工作 - 的確尤其是牽涉了政府的時候如果是一周前 我還不敢打賭我們今天會坐在這見面我也是掙扎了良久做了些艱難的妥協 而且你看起來那么迫切我們太激動了 相信我完成了所有關于你的背景調查工作 你比大多數人- 都要快完成 - 太好了接下來 就等政府的最終許可了雖然更加繁瑣 但是應該也會很順利我看唯一棘手的可能就是你女兒的幾個逮捕案件她的逮捕案件我們都知道只是幾件輕罪 她已經認罪了應該不是什么大問題對 沒錯年輕人都會經歷這些階段 對吧對 年輕人都會經歷這些階段我在大學時做過的事 讓我父母驚訝到直到現在還會跟我提起剛開始我們會先讓你緩幾天我們的人會帶你參觀一下設備讓你適應環境或許是我 或許是我的同事 斯文斯文是個很棒的同事我今天為克拉維特夫人感到無地自容自從她踢了茹涅 保羅的小腿之后- 我一看到她就跑 - 她開始給我講關于她媽媽健康的故事當她講到她只剩最后一個月的時候寶寶就開始笑了我跟你講 那是世界上最長的停頓了但后來克拉維特夫人也笑了原來她恨她的母親 還覺得埃絲特很討喜怎么了茹涅 保羅發生過什么事她結過婚嗎我也想知道她要把頭發留長- 直到能把耳朵蓋住 - 她的耳朵太大了但她可以隔著一個球場聽到另一邊有人說悄悄話 開玩笑的我是有趣的我策劃主題晚會我穿化妝服我給他生孩子 一男一女沒錯 我們的小女兒看起來越來越像溫斯頓 邱吉爾每天 頂著一個大雅爾塔市般大的頭 但這也不能是他離開的理由 對吧真的嗎 真的嗎 我才剛吐槽完廁所聽起來她像是崩潰了- 但是太好笑了 - 是很精彩蒙羞離場這是百分百的即興創作不對 這肯定是有備稿的我向他展示了我對他的愛他們對猶太女孩說的那些屁話無論如何 真是天才- 十足的天才 - 你不知道她是誰嗎我們只知道她嫁給了一個叫喬爾的男人而且她住在上城區刻錄一百張出來看看銷量如何我不敢相信這真的發生了我不敢相信他為了潘妮 潘離我而去這是她的名字 太難聽了對吧潘妮 潘潘妮 潘潘妮 潘Yeah, yeah.The one that got away.The biggest heartache of my life was notmy husband and the father of my children leaving me,it was never being able to truly land Manniford McClaine.Yes, that was his real name,and he was fabulous.He was the captain of my high school football team.He was the leader of the pack.He had a jawline you could stab your sister with.He was so gorgeous thatafter years of having my mother tell me,"Your virtue is a garden, keep it watered,but behind a fence,"I bring him over for dinner, she takes one look at him,and suddenly it's like, "You know what?""It's not a high fence.""Just hop on over.""Here, step on my hands, I'll give you a boost."We almost went to prom together.- Ooh! - As friends, but still.Then his old girlfriend, Satan, moved back from Rhode Islandand they got back together, got married,had four kids and bought a waterfront mansion- in Oyster Bay. - Ooh!Yes. And...Hey, is there any more onion dip?Shh!Sorry.Is there any more onion dip?Continue, please.Anyhow, the other day I picked up a newspaperand there on the front page is a headline:"Wall Street golden boy, Manniford McClaine,caught with head of wife in trunk of car."That's right.Manniford murdered his wife,then drove around with her head for an hourbefore getting caught. I couldn't believe it.It-it had to be some other Manniford McClaine.But there he was, in the paper, handcuffed,being perp-walked into the station.And I just thought, "My God..."he still looks fantastic."No, I mean it,better looking than high school. I know,my first thought should've been, "Dodged that bullet."Instead it was, "I don't know, he's single, I'm single.If he beats this thing..."Okay, I'm gonna stop talking now.Harriet's brother is supposed to play something for us.Tommy? Play me off!Thank you.Thanks.Onion dip.- Bye bye love - Yes!Vivian, you're out of glasses.Thanks for pointing out the painfully obvious, Frederick.Stay vigilant!I think I'm in love with Frederick.Frederick? He's with Letty in toiletries.Letty dumped him days ago.I heard he was in love with Carroll in the back office.- Who's she? - He.How very Grecian.That is a terrible rumor to spread.These are getting heavy.Counter.Use plastic cups next time.Pay for 'em and I'll use 'em.Give me that. Were you raised by bears?Thanks, Mary.Coming through!- Hello emptiness - Careful.Watch it.This is a balance issue, people.Well done.I'm so Dasen-offen-upsetten-gruber.I'm sorry?Fraulein, please help me. I'm so lost.- I'm looking for the Reichstag. - The Reichstag?You don't know this famous German building?Gaudy, very big, and no elevator?Oy, those steps will leave you uber-pooped! Ha.You look very familiar to me.- Do I know you? - No, no,I just have one of those punims.What's your name?My name, well, it's Ay-Rolf...that's the first name..."Jawohl," that's it.- Not very common. - Ay-Rolf.And your last name?Hitler... burg.Well,I've got to tell you, Mr. Ay-Rolf Hitlerburg,you're a pretty long way from the Reichstag.Well, that bitch Himmler sent me off completely unprepared.Did I say "Himmler"?I meant "Himmlerstein."Well, what were his directions?He said to take a left, and another left,- and then the Third Reich. - "Right."That's what he said, "Third Reich."- "Right." - Glad you agree.Well,you are a long way from the fatherland.Was is das?Your German vocabulary's quite impressive, by the way.- Danke. - You are in New York City.New York City, interesting.Any place you can recommend for a quick bite to eat?I'm feeling a bit peckish.Well, there's an excellent deli around the corner.Yeah, deli's not really my thing.Okay, what do you like?Whatever's fascist. Fastest!Oy, what a day this has been.Pizza's here! Everybody pay up!So, I'm not really Ay-Rolf Hitlerburg.Well, you had me fooled.I'm Randall, Vivian's fifth favorite cousin.Midge, Vivian's 34th best friend.My what?Nothing.- Couple of comedians. - Are you?- Am I what? - A comedian?Bad sign if you can't tell.- No, you're hysterical. - I'll take your pity.Yes, I've been at it a while. Almost made my living from it.Got an agent, got a manager, toured, did a little TV.In fact, I got to go.I got a set downtown in a half hour.Crappy time slot, but, well.- You ever try a brisket? - A brisket?Personal joke.See you again.And don't be funny without me.You can't have Randall, I'm in love with him.He's your cousin, Vivian.Twice removed.Let's talk, sweetie.Hey, Jack Webb. Do I look like someone whowould use anything you sell in this store?Follow the men shopping for their mistresses.It's bound to be more fun.This is a personal favorite.But this one's a little bit more dramatic.You let me know if anything speaks to you.I don't know.I've never worn much makeup before.This was my daughter's idea.Blue would be a wonderful color on you.I don't know.- Which one is that again? - Mermaid Ice.Would you like to try it on?- I don't know. - Here.My daughter said I should try more.She says I should live a little before it's all over.Before what's all over?My life. She said it's a failure.I don't participate. That's why my husband won't talk to me.She's been very outspoken since she went to Radcliffe.There.What do you think?I don't know.Excuse me, is that Mermaid Ice?I'm sorry, I'm in a big hurry. My man's coming overand I am all out of my Mermaid Ice eye shadow.And if I am not wearing that when he gets home,all hell breaks loose.- Really? - You kidding?I couldn't get him to give me the time of day,much less give me the, you know, time of day.And then I came in here...- you remember when I came in here? - I do.You came in here and we talked about...I told you my life was crap, you sold me the Mermaid Ice,and now my life is a fat, fuzzy peach.I mean, I-I'm going broke 'cause this stuff costs a fortune,but, man, is it worth it.- Well, my goodness. - Yeah.If it worked for you...- I'll take two. - Wonderful.You will not be sorry.Margo, would you mind ringing up Mrs. Winterswhile I help my return customer over here?Hello, I can help you right here.Well, well, well.Just call me the closer.I'm a little surprised to see you.Well, it's been a while and last time we...words were said and...So, you're sorry?- Sure. - Good.It's behind us.So, this is where you hang out now?Well, you know I never like to be more thanthree feet from a lipstick.I do.It's a good job. The girls are really nice.And there's a vending machine in the employee break roomthat's broken, so if you hit it just right, free Abba-Zabas.- You are living the dream. - Sorry to interrupt.Midge, my parents are making me throw thema 25th anniversary party Friday.- Friday? Short notice. - I know.And I have no idea what people of their age do at parties.My mom keeps saying the word canapés.Is that an old people's dance?It's a type of hors d'oeuvre.You always know everything, so any tips would help.Hire help.- And get chairs, lots of chairs. - Right.- Old people sit. - And invite some of your friendsfor a little moral support.Who the hell would want to come to something like this?- I'll come. - You will?My God, I love you.I love her.Ha.- Booked a gig. - I'm sorry, what?It's just this thing that I've been doing lately.I've been working the party circuit.- Which means...? - I go to parties and I talk.- As opposed to...? - People like to hear me talk.And so far, it's been young parties, Viv's age.I haven't really worked an older crowd yet,so this is a perfect opportunity.I'll-I'll have to adjust a few of my references,but you have to be able to read an audience, right?Hey, are there large quantities of narcoticsin these Abba-Zabas of yours?I can't explain. I...Just-just come and you'll see. Friday.- I can't. I have plans. - What plans?To not be bored or miserable at some old fuck's party.Come. You'll-you'll watch, you'll see, you'll understand.I'll-I'll call you with the address.Wear something... clean.All right, everybody.Time's up.Put your papers on my deskif they contain the correct answers,otherwise, just don't.- Abe. - Hello, Irving.- What's up? - I want you to meet Charles Connelly,Executive Recruiter from Bell Labs.Bell Labs.You got time to talk?Sure.We're calling it Project Echo, Abe.A quantum leap in satellite technology.The commercial ramifications of this could be huge.Not to mention its defense capabilities.It would revolutionize the communications industry.And Bell Labs is leading the pack.Abe, we're gathering the best and the brightestto help us get there first.- May I stop you there? - Of course.I want no part of Sputnik panic.This smacks of that.There's no panic, Abe.We're doing this right.We never rush R&D.Your colleague, Bill Chernik...Bill and Abe have known each other a long time.Bill Chernik's a good man.He's been consulting with us for a while.Ask him about us. You'll like what you hear.There's no way this could work.My class load is so full.We can help with that. Take things off your plate.No, I'm loath to do that.We'll work around your schedule.An applied mathematician of your skillsis in high demand these days.We need you.I told you he'd be a tough sell.Which makes us want you more.Pending a security clearance,Bell Labs is at your beck and call.I need to get home.Let me walk with you.Please think it over.Take some time. And call with any questions.- I doubt I'll have any. - Call anyhow.I'll give you the pitch all over again.And thanks for your time.See you Monday, Abe.We're going out to dinner!Abe?Rose, Rose, get in here.We are going out to dinner.Ruby Foo's, Le Pavillon, name it.Abe, slow down. Why are we going out to dinner?Bell Labs, Rose.I got an offer to work at Bell Labs.- What? - Bell Labs down in the village!My God, Abe!You should have seen me with that recruiter.I played it so cool.I kind of nodded like this,was shaking my head a little bit.Very serious, very dubious.You can look extremely dubious.And he was eating out of the palm of my hand.This is the big leagues, Rose.This... this is the hotbed of invention.That TV that you all like so much,- courtesy of Bell Labs transistor work. - No.Grandpa, I was watching that.Bardeen and Brattain and Shockley won a Nobel for that.And now I am in their ranks.Where are we going for dinner?What about a dinner?We're going out. The whole family.Call Noah and Astrid.He's got an offer from Bell Labs.Wow, Papa, congratulations.Thank you very much.You've been obsessing on Bell Labsfor, like, 20 years now.I haven't been obsessing on them.My whole childhood, it was Bell Labs this and Bell Labs that,and, "My God, I'd give up pastrami"for a job at Bell Labs."I may have mentioned them.A-And once a year, we'd tour the building? The outside,- because we weren't allowed in. - You kids would playon the sidewalk while your father would jump up and down,- and try and peek in the windows. - Yes.That may have happened once or twice.Is that my blouse?- Yes, but it's not quite right. - For what?Okay, I-I'm talking about very important things here,and you're talking about clothes.I have to get dressed. Congratulations, Papa.How often do I get a job at Bell Labsand no one wants to celebrate with me?Abe, my love, we will find the perfect night to celebrate.With Noah and Astrid?They will be there.I mean, it's Bell Labs.And we, we are all so very proud of you.Mama, where's your green dress?At the cleaners.Shoot.I'm never sure about me and peach.I am.Here.The Dior?That's perfect.So, you're going to another party.That's the fourth one this week, isn't it?Four this week, three last week.Which, of course, means they've already seeneverything in my closet.Enter yours.So, are these friends of yours and Joel's?No. New friends.Girls from work.What do you think?Lovely, understated.- Understated?- Mm-hmm.- Next. - You don't want to be understated?I need to stand out.Well, you always stand out.I need to stand out in a very specific way.Well, you could wear nothing.That would get some sort of attention.Don't I know it.Now, tell me about...not until my funeral.So tell me, are there men at these, parties?They aren't nun parties, Mama.Well, you know, a girl standing alone at a party- says just one thing. - What's that?- I'm prey. Hunt me. - Perfect.- Miriam. - No, seriously,I was looking for a catchphrase. That's it.You should wait to go to these parties.It's too soon.I'll add some gloves to this.That should give it some zazz.- Miriam... - Thanks for the dress, Mama.- What are you doing here? - What am I...?Y-You invited me to this stupid party.No, I mean on the elevator.You're not leaving, are you?No, I've been riding this thing up and down for an hourwaiting for you to float in hereon your golden fucking Icarus horse.You got a pretty loose concept of time, lady.Cabs were scarce.Well, are you waiting for an engraved invitation?Get in here.Got to know the building pretty well.Old guy on six has cancer.That's terrible.I inspired him to reach out to his daughter.They've been on the outs since she divorced.She's here now, cooking for him.That's nice.You hear that?Couple on the fourth floor, they've been fightingfor a full half hour.He pinched some girl's ass, she saw.May have been the cancer guy's daughter.I hope she did nothing to encourage that.You look nice, by the way.Thanks.- Clean shirt? - Define "clean."Okay, this is the worst party I've ever been to.We just walked in the door.Let's go get a hot dog or something.No, no, no, stay.- Midge, hi. - Hi, Mary.This is my friend, Susie. Susie, Mary.Hi, Susie, come on in. Meet the others.I feel like I got it.I'll see you inside, Mary.Nice meeting you.- What a drip. - You're the drip.Come on, get with the program here.Why would anyone in their right mind go to parties?I mean, just buy some Sno Balls and a beer,and take the subway at rush hour, same fucking thing.I-I'm sorry, I just don't get it.Midge, I think I'm in love.- Not again. - Come see him, tell me if I'm crazy.He's my dad's boss.He's 70.And deaf and married, but keep an open mind.That's my cue.Wait a minute.Wait a minute.I get it. I get it.Mary? I get it.Wow, your silver anniversary.Your husband looks thrilled.Maybe we do need a better motivator for mento get them to care about the silver anniversary.Because what man really cares about silver?Maybe 25 years is the Yankees season tickets anniversary.Yeah!Yeah, and then to get them to 50,we need something really good.Maybe it's the "another woman's boobs" anniversary.Me, personally, I-I was never great at gift-giving.Maybe it's because I never got to celebrate Christmas.I got Hanukkah.Doesn't exactly prepare you the same way.For Christmas, a gentile would get a bikeas a reminder that their parents love them.For Hanukkah, we would get socksas a reminder that we were persecuted.Hey. You look happy.As a clam.I ate all the clams, by the way.See? Parties aren't so bad.I'm just trying to figure out the best wayto hide a lobster under my hat.- So, did you catch my set? - Your what?Just now. You hear all the laughs I got?Yeah, I heard the laughs.Pretty funny, right?You're a funny woman.Could you pass the asparagus?I did a version of the Hanukkah run a couple weeks ago,but I've honed it a lot since then.Yeah, that was some top-notch honing, there.Darling? Darling, over here!Yes, dear?Come over here by the window.You're gonna want to see this.- Shh. - What am I looking at?Well, nothing, silly, the curtains are closed.I'm incorrigible.Let's open the curtains here.There, see?It's the neighbors across the way again.The wife just got home.She's taking off her coat,and here comes her husband to say hello,- and...! - OhDid you see that?He fell hard.What the heck did he slip on?Whatever it is, he's picking it up.It looks like a towel... nope, it's the cat.- He slipped on the cat? - And he is angry.The cat or the man?Well, they're both pretty verklempt.You're Jewish. I never knew that.20 years of marriage and we're still learning things- about each other. - I like that about us.He's struggling with the cat...- The cat knocked his toupee off! - The cat did him a favor.And he's thrown the cat out the window.My God!And the car had to havea fancy garage and a fancy mansion to go with it.But I didn't expect you to get the money this month.He wouldn't care where I get it from!I told you to get it and get out of that.Poor Virginia.Peter never listens to her, now look at the mess he's in.Men only hear men... and bartenders.She really thinks getting angry will work?Why don't these writers just give her a boyfriend, or a gun?- My God. So hostile today. - I'm sorry.I'm just a wreck right now.- Everything's falling apart. - Hold it.What's the best way to reduce?- Commercial. - Eat plenty? Or starve yourself?A half-empty...Okay.Miriam stopped wearing her wedding ring.We're gonna need the ball.And Joel moved in with that girlfriend.- The secretary. - The home-wrecker.Like Sasha from Edge of Night,always spreading it around.She's a nothing. I know it won't last.If the secretary were just out of the picture,Joel would come back.You want her out of the picture?I have cousins. They have skills.- I'm sorry? - Nothing.I'm looking at the ball.I see a new man walking toward Miriam.My God, no.But he walked right past. Yes, he's gone.- Feel better? - It doesn't matter.There'll be another man and anotherand another; She's on the prowl.Every night she gets all dolled up and goes to these parties.Like she's given up on Joel and is trolling for husbands.She doesn't understand.Being a divorcée is terrible, yes,but being on your second marriage is...- Worse. - So much worse.Second marriage says failure.At least divorcée sounds continental.It'd be better if Joel had died, then she'd be a widow.At least there's dignity in that.You want Joel to die?Again, with the cousins.- I don't understand. - Okay, I give up.I see an open path for Miriam.She will find her way. I promise.Tell you what, I'll make a tonic.Pour it in her soup, it will help the luck stick.- Thank you, Drina. - You still look worried.I have the perfect thing.A distraction.Shh, shh.I think you'll love the color, Mrs. Maracek. See you again.And what color would you recommendfor my unique complexion, Miss?Pasty? I'd recommend Spackle.- And a putty knife. - I'll pass.- So what are you doing here? - I have a proposition.Blessed day.The ring department's on the third floor.- Remember the four "C" s. - A business proposition.But not here.You have time later today?I'm off in an hour.- Can you meet me at the Stage Deli? - Sure.Great.Point me to the shoplifting department?Second floor, south side.Excellent service.Hello there.Midge, this is my karate instructor, Lew Fogelman.I'm Randall's agent.He's with William Morris, so look impressed.I am impressed.Midge Maisel.I've heard good things.I like you already.We're sitting now.So... my boy told me he was having a bite with you,and I was in the neighborhood.Hope you don't mind my stopping by.The Stage DelI is open to all.He's headed toward great things, this one.- Just not in entertainment. - Will you shut up?- You're annoying us both. - I'm winningly self-deprecating.It says so right there on the new resumes- you made me pony up for. - Anyhow, he mentionedthat the two of you have been teaming up lately,which I find very interesting.- Teaming up? - Just at parties.Just for fun. However,have you ever thought about doing it professionally?- I-I don't understand. - Sometimes a charming, funny guywith a cute, dizzy broad on his arm is a good sell.- And I'm the dizzy broad? - Fine.I'll be the dizzy broad and you be the charming, funny guy.Perfect.So you want to do an act... with me?They're always looking for duos like usfor commercials, radio, industrials.Company events... you tell a few jokes,you mention the product a bunch of times,you look pretty.You can make decent money at this.- Seriously? - We'd be a booker's dream.Who knows, we may be the next Nichols and May.- You don't know Nichols and May? - Should I?The next time they're in town, you're going.- We're going. - Speaking of going,I'll leave the two of you to talk more.Food's on me; Keep it under a thousand bucks.It's been a pleasure.I'll send ten percent of my matzo balls to you, Lew.And I'll take it.He's picking up our tab.Excellent.Next time, let's meet in the shoe department at Saks.I don't care what your fucking title is.- It's house manager. - Your dirtbag friends come inand sit in my section, they got to order.They don't got to order, they're guests of the house manager.Then sit them in another section.There's only one section, your section.I fucking quit, Susie.I'm heartbroken.- Gaslight. - Hey, it's Midge.I left a bunch of messages for you with Jackie.- Did he give them to you? - Hang on.Jackie, did you have messages from Midge for me?- Possibly. -Asshole. - Asshole.You can't just throw in a random off-topic "asshole."An asshole has to be motivated.You breathe. It's motivated.Hey, you guys have got to get a divorce.I mean it.What was your message?I was just calling to touch base.You left early the other night.- Well, they ran out of butter. - Butter. Okay.Well, we should get together again.- Soon, okay? - Yeah, sure.Hey, what was the deal with you and that guy?- What guy? You mean Randall? - I guess.We've been doing these bits together at parties for a while.- They're a big hit. - What, does he think- he's funny or something? - He is funny.- You're kidding. - No. He's a professional comedian.He was even thinking we could get some work doing industrials.- Industrials? - Yeah.What, you're gonna spin around on a platform hawking Buicks?What's wrong with that? Buicks are very fine automobiles.Miriam, he just sold you some line'cause he wants to get in your pants.He does not want to get in my pants.- He wants to fuck you. - He wants me to work with him..He says we'll be like Nichols and May.Nichols and May don't fuck.Nichols and May totally fuck.- That's not what he says. - I walked in on them oncein the bathroom here... even their fucking was hilarious.Now you're just being coarse and crude.Randall is totally legit.I met his agent and everything.- You-you met his agent? - At the Stage Deli.Lew something, from William Morris.Nice guy. Bought us lunch.Susie, toilet's broken again.You might want to send the house manager to manage it.You did that on purpose.Look, I got to go.Good luck with the Buicks.I can't find my cuff links.Did you check your cuffs, Papa?These are my Gimbels' cuff links, my everyday cuff links.- I need my Finchley cuff links. - Abe, you look fabulous- without them. - It's a Finchley night.I'm gonna check the kids' room.The kids do not have your Finchley cuff links.I had cuff links, your kids moved in,I don't have cuff links.Draw a conclusion.Shalom! It's Astrid!- Come on in, Astrid. - Hi!Hello, you.Where's Noah?Astrid, please let me stop the car- before you get out. - I'm sorry.- We discussed this. - I couldn't help it.I-I got presents from our trip to Israel.Where are Esther and Ethan? Where are my little pishers?They're already at the babysitter's.No.Don't worry, she tends to bring them back.- No cuff links. - You're looking very handsome, Abe.I might as well be naked.That's an image we're all happy to have.Pop, I got my hands on the Bell Labs schematicsfrom a friend... lots of info, tons of specs.Study. Now.He walks right past his mother?Sorry, Ma. Good to see you. Mwah. Mwah.Midget, good to see you, too.You I could take or leave.Really, Astrid, my arms are getting tired.- Please put those down. - It's just that your apartment'sso beautiful, and I know you like everythingin a certain way, so maybe Noah can just take themback to the car until the kids get home, or...- Give this to me. - Thank you.What's in the bag?Gefilte fish.- My next guess. - I tried a new recipe.You'll be very happy... there are no onions in this one, Rose."Happy" doesn't quite describe it.- I'll take it, ma'am. - Thank you, Zelda.- You know where to... - Yes, I do.Here. This is for you.Honestly, Astrid, you don't have to bring us giftsevery time you go to Israel.- I... - What was this,your sixth, seventh trip?11th.Can't get enough of the Holy Land.What a beautiful mezuzah.I'd never seen one that big before.It looks like it ate all the other mezuzahs.Is that bad?- No. - I could return it.- To Israel? - Rose, Bell Labs has two cafeterias.Different cuisines in each one.I can choose. I get to choose.I better start easing them out,or they'll lose all interest in dinner.I brought you a gift, too.Is it another giant mezuzah?It is such a stupid gift.- Astrid, no. - No, Rose has a mezuzah.You have a mezuzah. It's not shoes...you can't just change them out every season.No, but if we ever move to a very big house...I just wish Rose liked me.She likes you very much. She loves you, Astrid.- I make her nervous. - Breathing makes her nervous.I thought that converting would help.I know that it's hard having an outsider in your family.You are not an outsider.I heard comments at our wedding.- No one commented. - "What's up with the shiksa."- "Noah married?" - Aunt Gertie, once.I'm an outsider. I'm barren.Astrid, you're young.No, I'm not. I'm 30.We're seeing the fertility doctor again tomorrow.He's one of the pioneers in cervical cap inseminations.Well, everyone looks good in a cap.I'm almost too afraid to go.I mean, what if it doesn't work this time?What methods did you and Joel use to get pregnant?Well... sex.Yeah, that seems to work for most people.- Honey... - Seven years of trying. I mean,what if he leaves me?Noah is not going to leave you.You did everything perfectly, and that yutz left you.Noah loves you.And I know you think he's pretty dreamy,but I'm his sister, so I can tell you the truth.He's a big nerdwho lucked out and married up.- No. - Seriously. You're saving himfrom a sad, lonely life in a lab.He's not going anywhere. Okay?- Miriam! Astrid! We're leaving! - Okay.Okay.This is the eighth grade,and Miss Bedetsky is so overloadedwith math homework to grade,I offered to help.I was new to her class,and she thought it was cutethat a 13-year-old would offer to help.The emphasis on education in the Jewish faithmay be the thing that I admire the most.Anyway, she let me try.And I graded them perfectly...without even using the key.She looked at me, astonished, and then said,"Abraham Weissman, you are a natural born""mathematician."I was so proud.Did you stay in touch with her?- That moron? No. - Abe.What? There were mistakes she didn't findin the papers she graded that day.So I corrected them and immediately transferred- out of her class. - He couldn't just stopat the nice part... he just, he had to keep going.She left the school after that, on my recommendation.I would like to propose a toast.I have never understoodwhat Abe Weissman was talking about ever in my life.One time I made the mistake of asking about his day.45 minutes later, he was still talking,but I had taken to my bed.So for both of our sakes,I'm very glad that he's finally foundsome people who truly speak his language.And apparently whatever he's been saying is very impressive.So please join me in toasting my father,- the great Abe Weissman. - Cheers.L'chaim!- What do we do? - We should leave.- We're not leaving. - He's practically on top of us.Wait, is that the secretary?There are a thousand restaurantsin the city... what are the odds?One in sixteen thousand, four hundred fifty...Twelve thousand, three hundred...I'm taking into account weather effects,that some restaurants are closed on Mondays...Yeah, yeah, but I'm calculating differentials in geography,- quality... - We get it, guys, the odds are low.She doesn't even look Jewish.- Is she Jewish or...? - We should leave.Papa, this is your celebration.Don't let him ruin it.I couldn't find my Finchley cuff links.It was an omen. I should have heeded it.Papa, your cuff links were not an omen.Her ankles are the same size as her calves.Okay, if we're gonna stay, we should probablyfigure out something else to be talking...We should go.Put the egg rolls in your purse.- My purse is silk. - Fine.Anyone with pockets, grab a roll.- I'll get us a cab. - We should walk.- I'm in heels. - Fine, we're getting a cab.- Noah, get us a cab. - Okay.Taxi!- Taxi? - Hey. Taxi!- Midge. - Joel, please...- I'm sorry. - It's okay.- I didn't know you'd be here. - How could you?- I didn't know you came here. - We don't. We never have.I've been steering clear of Barney Greengrass and Zabar's.I go all the way over to the East Sidejust to buy a pack of cigarettes.We're celebrating. It's a special occasion.My father got a job at Bell Labs.Bell Labs? Wow, that's terrific. He finally got it.It's a special occasion. That-That's all.I'll never come here again.We'll never come here again.I'm sorry. I just...I didn't mean to spoil the night.You didn't. It's...You should go back inside.Tell your...That's great...about Bell Labs.And this is Rabbi Schneerson.A very good man, but that card's in every pack,so no one will trade you for him.Capers and mustard.That's it for things I recognize in here.We should have taken the champagne.- It was already poured. - That's why God invented funnels.No, wait, I see cottage cheese.- I like cottage cheese. - You got a Hirchensohn!Chief rabbi of Hoboken!Have you ever seen a Hirchensohn?To be honest, I've never seen rabbi trading cards.One of the wonders of Israel.That and Shabbat on a kibbutz.Okay, this might be soup or gravy. I don't know.It's a container of brown... should we try it?This is no longer cottage cheese.I can't believe someone actually came in hereto steal the gefilte fish... we could be eating that.- Astonishing. - You sure it's not here?- I looked. - We looked.Can I go to bed now?Of course, sweetie.Here, I'll take you. And I can sneak inand steal a little kiss for my baby Esther.No, the baby just went to sleep, Astrid.I promise you can kiss her in the morning.Good night, Ethan. Sweet dreams.Cookies. I found cookies.Ignore what your brother says...you are officially my favorite.It's not going to last.- What's not? - Joel and that woman.I saw him check his watch. Twice.- Mama, don't... - Trust me.That girl is on her way out.Cookie for a smoke?If the parents catch us, this was your idea.What a dinner?What? Did something unusual happen?I wasn't paying attention.I still can't believe you and Joel split.Wasn't my plan, believe me.It's so disappointing. I really liked the guy.God, and that girl he was with.When I saw that, I thought, "I should hit him."And I would've.But then I remembered once we were joking around,and I sort of fake-punched his arm...Broke my pinkie.- What? - He didn't look that big,but his arm was like a brick wall.- Yeah, he had strong arms. - It was humiliating.The next day at work I had to make up a story- about being mugged in the park. - You never told me any of this.Well... it wasn't my most...manly anecdote.I sure hate that he hurt you, boy.Thanks.Make sure the next guy you get involved withhas very weak upper body strength.- Of course. - I'd like to defend your honor.- I'd appreciate that. - But I have to be ableto hold a pen the next day.Noah, listen, you got to do me a favor, okay?Anything.Don't leave Astrid.My God. I'm not gonna leave Astrid.- She thinks you are. - I'm not.I've told her a million times I'm not.- She's worried about h... - Kids. I know, she's obsessed with it.I don't care if we have kids. I want a dog.She's driving herself crazy.She's driving me crazy.I don't know what to do with her.When she gets something in her head...like the whole converting thing.She had to sign up for the accelerated conversion package.Goy to Jew in three weeks or less.Classes, rituals, and weird baths in basements,and, my God, so much challah.- I remember. - All to impress Mama.Who doesn't eat bread.And if I have to go to Israel- one more time... - Just, please,till death do you part.I promise.She's a lucky gal.I should get back in.I'm playing hooky.Hey, your old turntable.And some really dirty comedy albums.Don't tell Mama.Vestiges of Joel?Nope, they're mine.You know...I never did get his thing for comedy.One time we came to see him, he didn't seem that funny.You're the funny one.You've always been the funny one.Thanks.Astrid kissed the baby.It was inevitable.The food was good.I wonder if there really was a General Tso.You get out.I, have to go back to the office for a while.Okay.Don't wait up.Who the hell are you?Susie Myerson. Nice to meet you.The, African masks seem out of place.- How did you get in here? - Are you kidding me?The entire William Morris Agency goes to lunch from 1:00 to 2:00.Agents, secretaries, security, the janitor.I could've done naked cartwheels down the corridorand no one would have stopped me.What is it with you people and lunch?- Don't any of you eat breakfast? - Get out from behind my desk.I-I'm sorry, you don't like people behind your desk?Tell you what. I won't get behind your deskif you won't get behind mine.Okay, I'm calling security.Forget it, Lew. I cut the lines.You what?I didn't cut the lines. Just wanted to sound likeI was in a Bogart picture for a second. It was kind of cool.Who the fuck are you?You handle a guy, Randall something.I don't know the last name. He's a client of yours, right?Introduced you to a woman named Midge Maisel?Yeah, so?So? Midge Maisel's a client of mine.- You're her rep? - Yup.And she doesn't need a William Morris agentin her life right now. She's got everything she needs with me.And who are you, to be telling me this?Lew, we both know what a place like this does with someonelike Midge... a girl comic, good-looking,just starting out, can't sing.You meet 'em at the deli, like you did, all casual-like.And then you schedule a fancy lunch... there's always lunch...talk to 'em about their hopes and their dreams,you promise them everything, you deliver nothing,and then you dump 'em if lightning doesn't strikewithin the first five minutes.She does not need you.She does not need Randall. She needs me.- Yeah? - Yeah.What kind of contract you got with her?Same kind of contract you got with your nuts...there's two of us and we're attached.And if you ever go near Midge again,I will make it my life's mission to take youand this entire building down.And... here's my card.In case you need it someday.Babka.- Bourbon. - I like that combination.Come in.It's excellent toasted with a little butter,if you're so inclined.Sit down.I like what you've done with the place.- Do you? - Yes. It looks...What shall we toast to?Not yet. I want to talk first.Okay. Sounds serious.- You got a phone. - I did.You said you didn't get the phone.Yeah, well, I'm a cockeyed optimist.So, how you doing?I'm fine.Good. Good. So you're not insane?- I don't think so. - 'Cause you seem insane.What are you talking about?This party circuit thing you've got going on,I don't know what you really think it is,but it's not stand-up.It's not a gig, it's a party.Yeah? You are not getting paid, you are not getting booked,and those people are not a real audience...they are politely nodding at you while they drink free booze,and then they talk about the crazy ladywho wouldn't shut up the whole night.I know they're not real gigs.Do you? 'Cause it doesn't seem like it.- And second of all... - There was no first of all.You do not need a goddamn man at your side to do this.What the hell are you thinking?You really want to be some second-rate Nichols and May?'Cause there's already a first-rate Nichols and May.It's fuckin' Nichols and May.Now, you could be an original, but you are fucking it all upwith this cockamamie alternate universe party bullshit.You want to do this?!- Yes. - Do you?- Yes! - Well, I can't tell anymore.You want me to get rid of the phone, 'cause I can get rid- of the phone. - Do not get rid of the phone.I don't need to have a goddamn phone.I don't have anybody I have to call.I got that phone for you,for this partnership that I thought we were starting.- We are. - Does your new agent know that?He's... not my...You do not meet with any agentswithout me knowing about it, ever.I did not know he was gonna be there. I swear.Bullshit! You're not an idiot!Just drop this doe-eyed Bambi thing right now.Okay, I'm so sick of you acting all innocent,"I don't know how the world works 'cause I'm a housewife,and I wear four layers of petticoats."It is tired and it is weak,and you are not tired and you are not fucking weak.And if you want to be a comic,you are gonna have to grow the fuck up right now!I'm sorry. I...I don't know what to do lately.I'm... I'm trying to be strong and independent,but I saw Joel the other night, and he was with her,and every time I think I can breathe again, I can't.And I'm-I'm trying to get it right.I'm trying to figure it out.I know the parties aren't gigs.I know I'm not really doing stand-up.I don't want to be a second-rate Nichols and May.I'd never even heard of Nichols and May.And I've got news for you.If you're gonna be a personal manager,then sometimes you're gonna have to deal with the personal.And this...is personal.All of this.And it's not just deals and lectures.Sometimes you're gonna have to buy some Kleenexand let me cry and pat me on the back- and say, "There, there." - Okay, that's not really my...You're gonna have to listen to me talk about my husband,and my kids.- Both of 'em? - Yes. Both of them.And you are gonna have to stop backing away from mewhen I feel like my life is falling apart.You are gonna have to tell me I'm good when I'm not.- You want me to lie? - Yes!That is what managers do!Do you understand?There, there.Better?Yes.Better.Good.Tomorrow...we're gonna sign some fuckin' paperwork.The last few signatures. I promise.Responsibility is often- accompanied by excessive paperwork. - And how.Especially when the government's involved.If you'd asked me a week ago, I would not have put moneyon us sitting here today.Well, I had to shuffle quite a few things around,make some tough compromises, and you seemed so desperate.We are thrilled, believe me.All your background checks are completed. You sailed through- faster than most. - Very good.Now, there's just the final government clearance.It's somewhat more intensive, but it should go smoothly, too.The only possible bump I seewould be your daughter's arrests.Her arrests?We know, a couple of misdemeanors, she pled guilty.It shouldn't be too big a problem.Right. Yes.Young people go through these phases, right?Yes, young people go through phases.Things I did in college, it's amazing my parentsstill talk to me.We'll ease you in the first couple of days.One of us will take you on a tour of the facility,get you oriented.Might be me, might be my colleague, Sven.Sven is a great fellow.I was cornered by Mrs. Klaviter today...Ever since she kicked Junie Paul in the shins,- I run when I see her. - She starts telling me this storyabout her mother's health.And right as she says she's only got a month to live,the baby starts laughing.I tell you, it was the world's longest pause.But then, Mrs. Klaviter laughed, too.Turns out, she hates her mother and thinks Esther's a delight.What?What ever happened to Junie Paul?I wonder if she ever married.I would think.She just needed to keep her hair long enough- to cover those ears. - They were enormous,but she could hear someone whisperingfrom across a football field. I'm kidding.I was fun.I planned theme nights,I dressed in costumes,I gave him kids, a boy and a girl!And yes, our little girl is lookingmore and more like Winston Churchillevery day, with the big...Yalta-head? But that's not a reason to leave, right?Really? Really? After what I just said about the bathroom?It's like she's having a breakdown.- But it's hysterical. - It's amazing.Walk of shame!It's total improv.Nah, this had to be written.And I showed him I loved him.All that shit they say about Jewish girls...Well, whatever it is, it's genius.- Pure genius. - And you don't know who she is?All we know is she's married to some guy named Joel,and she lives uptown.Let's dub a hundred and see where it goes.I can't believe this is happening.I can't believe I'm losing him to Penny Pann.That's her name. Terrible right?Penny Pann!Penny Pann.Penny Pann! ? 別了 幸福 ?♪ Bye bye happiness... ♪ ? 別了 我的愛 再見 再見 ?♪ Bye bye, my love, good-bye-eye ♪ ? 別了 我的愛 再見 再見 ?♪ Bye bye, my love, good-bye-eye. ♪ ? 我是個女孩子 女孩子 ?♪ I'm strictly a female female ♪ ? 我希望我的未來 ?♪ And my future I hope will be ♪ ? 會與一名勇敢而自由的男孩 ?♪ In the home of a brave ♪ ? 住在一起 ?♪ And free male ♪ ? 他將享受男人的樂趣 ?♪ Who'll enjoy being a guy ♪ ? 有一個女孩 ?♪ Having a girl... ♪ ? 你的雙眸在閃爍 ?You with the stars in your eyes... ♪ ? 你曾經是 ?♪ You used to be ♪ ? 那么聰穎 ?Too wise ♪ ? 嘿 ?Hey there... ♪ ? 你聽到他們了嗎 ?Can you hear them? ♪ ? 他們在談論我們 ?They talk about us ♪ ? 滿嘴謊言 ?Telling lies ♪ ? 毫無新意 ?Well, that's no surprise ♪ ? 你看到他們了嗎 ?Can you see them? ♪ ? 把他們都識破 ?See right through them ♪ ? 他們一點也不遮掩 他們什么也得不到 ?They have no shield, nothing gets too revealed ♪ ? 他們說什么都無所謂 ?It doesn't matter what they say ♪ ? 這是人們都熱衷的嫉妒游戲 ?In the jealous games people play ♪ ? 我們什么也不說 ?Our lips are sealed ♪ ? 噓 我親愛的 ?Hush, my darling ♪ ? 別再哭泣 ?Don't you cry ♪ ? 安靜 小天使 ?Quiet, angel ♪ ? 忘了他們的謊言 ?Forget their lies ♪ ? 你能聽見他們嗎 ?Can you hear them? ♪ ? 他們在談論我們 ?They talk about us ♪ ? 滿嘴謊言 ?Telling lies ♪ ? 毫無新意 ?Well, that's no surprise ♪ ? 你看到他們了嗎 ?Can you see them? ♪ ? 把他們都識破 ?See right through them ♪ ? 他們一點也不遮掩 他們什么也得不到 ?They have no shield, nothing gets too revealed ♪ ? 他們說什么都無所謂 ?Doesn't matter what they say ♪ ? 這是人們都熱衷的嫉妒游戲 ?In the jealous games people play ♪ ? 我們什么也不說 ?Our lips are sealed ♪ ? 不要介意他們說的話 ?Pay no mind to what they say ♪ ? 無論怎樣都沒關系 ?It doesn't matter anyway ♪ ? 我們什么也不說 ?Our lips are sealed ♪ ? 我們什么也不說 ?Our lips are sealed ♪ ? 我們什么也不說 ?Our lips are sealed. ♪http://www.orangesub.com/幫助我們加快進度 加入QQ群489216448版權所有 ?2017 亞馬遜影視電視公司Translate By OrangeSub Television Drama Team■■■■開始(時間標記)結束■■■■開始(時間標記，中間不影響畫面)結束■■■■開始(時間標記，結尾黑屏前)