"迷眼" 前情提要...Previously on "Shut Eye"...我有个坏习惯I have this bad habit总会把我生活中的好事情搞砸of fucking up the good things in my life.而你又对我这么好And you've been good to me.所以我肯定会搞砸So, of course, I'm going to try to fuck it up.警察 跪下 马上Police! Get on the ground!没事的 查理It's okay, Charlie.琳达会说你在助长我的幻想Linda would say that you're feeding my delusion.我是在助长你的好奇心I'm feeding your curiosity,这是在这行业里永远不嫌多的东西which is something you cannot have enough of in this business.吉普赛人方索·马克思Fonso Marks of the Gypsies.你惹上了吉普赛人And you fuck with Gypsies,吉普赛人会干死你Gypsies fuck you.好吧All right.我问了问题 得到了答案I asked a question, I got an answer.没伤和气 对吧No hard feelings, right?我们正处于某种危险之中We are on the precipice of something here.我知道你能感觉到I know you can feel that.你以为我没有家人吗You don't think I have someone?这他妈的很难 但我把它藏在心里It's fucking hard, but I bury it.我把这些情感放在一边 为了工作I put it to one side for the sake of the work,为了我们要达成的目标for the sake of what we are trying to achieve.回家陪你的家人去吧 查理Go home to your family, Charlie.我有种感觉 福斯特I got a feeling, Foster,我俩会成为好朋友that you and I are going to be great friends.做我朋友规矩可多着呢There are a lot of rules involved in being my friend.而且通常会让你树一些新仇家And it usually requires making a few new enemies.实际上诈骗最重要的部分就是The most important part of the con要找好目标 知道吗is actually identifying the right mark, right,就是准备要下手的对象someone ready to be taken.查理 求你了 接手静修班吧Charlie, please, take over the retreat.他们和我一样需要帮助They need help as much as I do.我做不了I can't.玛姬会在的Maggie will be there.她会告诉你怎么做的She'll talk you through it.先去带你做个检查Let's get you checked out.我觉得这是个好主意I think that's a good idea.查理Charlie?查理 开门 我有礼物给你Charlie, open the door. I have a present for you.是你妈妈送的It's from your mom.我妈在监狱My mom's in jail.你没听说过探视时间吗You never heard of visiting hours?她想让我给你 快点 开门She wanted me to give it to you. Come on. Open up.把门打开 查理Open the door, Charlie.我的天呐Oh, my God!老天啊 你在干什么Oh, my God! Oh, my God! What are you doing?她怎么办What about her?我们不是为她来的We're not here for her.我的天呐Oh, my God!小西Syl.起床了 快穿衣服Wake up, get dressed.别烦我 我要睡觉Leave me alone! I just want to sleep!今天是探监日 快点 走了It's visiting day. Come on, let's go.你们好哇 快坐Hi, guys! Sit down!你们真是暖心Look! Oh, you guys are the best!我刚准备去取钱买呢I was just starting to go in withdrawals.你一整盒都抽完了吗 才过了一周You smoked a whole carton? It's only been a week.当然没有 大部分我都拿去换特别待遇了No, of course not. I traded most of them for perks.你会为妈妈感到骄傲 我开始明白这的规矩了You would be proud of Mom. I'm getting to know the system.魔术怎么样了 宝贝So, how's tricks, guys?你们在阿姨家过得好吗You having big fun at Auntie's?她家很臭Her house stinks.-是吗  -她也很臭- Oh, yeah? - She stinks.闭嘴 西尔维娅Shut up, Sylvia.你又有啥心事 小孩What's eating you, kid?除了你在监狱这事吗You mean other than you're in jail?宝贝Baby.我就是睡不着I just couldn't sleep is all.你从来都睡不着Oh. You never could.我也睡不着Me, neither.他做噩梦了He had a bad dream.昨晚吗Last night?他像个小孩一样尖叫着醒来He woke up screaming like a baby.查理 你梦到什么了Charlie, what'd you dream about?小西 让我和你哥单独聊聊 好吗Uh, Syl, why don't you give your brother and I a minute, huh?好吧 曼尼 你能带我女儿出去吗Okay? Manny, can you help my daughter?谢谢Thanks.好了 宝贝Okay, baby.再见Bye!好了All right.发生了什么事Tell me what's going on.这只是个梦It was just a dream.那个女的 和你做交易的那个The woman, the one that you did deals with,她来家里了she came to the house,但她不是一个人but she wasn't alone.他们有枪吗Did they have guns?还有人受伤了吗And, uh, someone got hurt?你认识珍妮·狄克逊夫人吗[预言家 曾多次猜中美国总统选举结果]Do you know who Jeane Dixon is?白宫的占卜师The White House Psychic?我听说第一夫人 她如果...I hear the First Lady, she won't even...她如果不咨询她 就不会采取任何行动she won't even make a move without consulting her.我在里面读了她的书And I read her book a while back,她说自己曾经做过那种梦and she talks about these sort of dreams然后成真了she has that come true.她很久以前就预见肯尼迪被刺杀Like, she saw Kennedy get shot long before it ever happened.他们把这个叫"先兆"They're called premonitions.对 没错 就是Yes! Right! Okay, yes.如果你的梦也是其中之一呢So, what if your dream is one of those?你说灵媒是骗子You said psychics aren't real.我知道 但...Yeah, I know, I know. But...我昨晚做了同样的梦I had the same dream last night.查理...Charlie...他们射杀了她they shot her.他们射杀了你阿姨 对不对They shot your auntie, right?我的天呐 这样Oh, my God. Um, okay.你得把你妹妹接上 然后赶紧离开那里You need to get your sister, and you need to get out of there.-你在说什么  -这就像肯尼迪遇刺事件- What are you talking about? - It's like JFK.查理 这是警告 他们要来杀你们了Charlie, this is a warning. They are coming for you.-听我说 他们来了  -该走了 哈弗福德- Listen to me. They are coming. - Come on, Haverford.-这不是梦  -走吧- It's not a dream. - Let's go.查理 听我的话 带上妹妹快跑Charlie, listen to me. Get your sister and run!赶紧 你听见了吗Don't wait. Do you hear me?!-你迟到了  -我绕了点路- You're late. - I, uh, took a little detour穿过了"阴阳魔界"through the Twilight Zone.你没对我撒谎 但你也没说实话You're not lying to me, but you're not telling me the truth.你觉得你看我看得那么准吗You think you can read me that well?一天比一天准Better every day.肯定有事发生了 因为你阴阳怪气的态度Something happened to you, hence the sour demeanor.不 我只是担心帕斯No, I'm just worried about Paz.现在你在撒谎了Now you're lying.你为什么不呢Why aren't you?-不什么  -担心帕斯- Aren't I what? - Worried about Paz.我和他谈过后就不太担心了Not so much since I spoke to him.他好像很稳定 冷静He seemed stable, calm.我想医院应该给了他药物I think they gave him meds.那确实有用That'll do it.我想感谢你这周末救了我一命[也有屁股的意思]I wanted to thank you for saving my ass this weekend.你还记得我的屁股 对吧You do remember my ass, don't you?那天你好像对它You seemed pretty preoccupied with it-挺专注的  -玛姬 求你了- the other day. - Maggie, come on.我只是想让你放松一下Oh, I am only trying to break you out of your funk.你泰然自若 查理You're poised, Charlie.这周末你一定会很棒的You're gonna do great things this weekend.会拯救很多灵魂You're gonna help a lot of souls.然后给你赚很多钱Make a shit-load of money for you.给我们赚很多钱Make us a shit-load of money.对 "我们"Right, "Us."这是什么What's this?这是你远离家的新家This is your home away from home.没WIFI 没小酒吧吗No Wi-Fi, no mini-bar?帕斯在静修期间更喜欢简单的Well, Paz preferred a simple, Gandhi-esque lifestyle甘地式生活风格while in the confines of the retreat.甘地是禁欲主义的忠实信徒Gandhi was a big believer in celibacy.对 研讨会前不做爱Yeah, no sex before seminars.明智之言Wise words.怎么了 查理 告诉我What is it, Charlie? Tell me.你有什么烦心事What is bothering you?就是这里 对不对It's here, isn't it?你帮帕斯倾听宇宙的地方Where you helped Paz hear the universe?没错Indeed.这里是完美的催眠环境It is the perfect environment for hypnosis.-或者控制  -或是治疗- Or manipulation. - Or therapy,看你站在什么立场depending on your point of view.你的立场是什么 玛姬What's your point of view, Maggie?你应该试试You should try it.真的很抚慰人It's really rather soothing.不用 谢了No, thanks.我就算了I'll pass.来吧 我来给你介绍下团队其他成员Come on. Let me introduce you to the rest of the team.各位 这位... 这位是查理Folks, this... is Charlie.大家好Hello, folks.我们有数据收集 活动布置We have data collection, event staff,营销 和保安marketing, and security.你已经见过伊丽莎白了And Elizabeth you've already met.叫我丽斯就好Liz, please.好吧Oh, right. Yeah.我稍微调整了一下你周六的行程I've been tweaking your schedule for Saturday.-我想跟你过一遍  -我得打个电话- I'd like to go over it with you. - I need to make a call.帕斯在静修的时候从来不用手机Paz never used the phone on retreat.我不是帕斯I'm not Paz.我没明白...I don't...就用右键加速 就在那You just accelerate with the right-trigger. Right here.右键 好的好的Right trigger. Okay, okay, okay.-按住了  -好 我的天- Hold that one. - Yeah. Oh, my God!有个转弯 有个转弯 左转弯There's a turn. There's a turn. There's a left turn.-我不明白  -你能转弯吗- I don't understand! - Can you turn?我的天 好 上档Oh, my God. Shift up, okay.好 按B键All right. Um, B!-B键 按B键  -我在按啊 等等- B! B! Press B! - I'm doing B! Wait, wait.这太辣鸡了This is shit.-亲爱的  -嗨 你怎么样- Hi, honey. - Hey. How you doing?我好着呢I'm good. Still good.我不是想打扰你Yeah, I don't mean to bother you,就是想知道你好不好I just wanted to make sure you're all right.你没打扰我 自从我怀孕之后You're not a bother. You just haven't called this much你都没有这么勤快地打过电话since I was pregnant.有话直说Trying to tell me something?快闭嘴吧Shut the fuck up.你那边怎么样 有没有满怀平静与真理How's it going out there? You full of peace and truth?的确是满怀着些什么I'm definitely full of something.只是这不是我的观众 这... 不是我的风格It's just not my audience. It's... It's not my style.放屁 你能搞定的 我靠Bullshit, you'll be great. Oh, shit!怎么了 你... 你还好吗What? You... Are you all right?就是厨房出了点状况Yeah, yeah, just a kitchen crisis.我得挂了I got to go.好的 拜拜Okay, bye.-再来一局吧  -不打了- Come on, one more. - I can't.-就一局  -你玩得太好了 而我又这么菜- One more. - You're too good. And I suck!-来吗  -不了- Come on. - No.-我们可以在同一边打  -不行- We can be on the same side. - Unh-unh.是医院打来的吗So, uh, was that the hospital?不 是查理No. Charlie.都打来无数次了Checking in for the umpteenth time.-这不很好吗  -也很有控制欲- Oh, well, that's nice. - And controlling.自从他离开之后 每个小时都打来电话Since he left, he's been calling every hour on the hour.我明白他的感觉I know how he feels.帕斯现在很好 他正在得到需要的照顾Paz is in a great place. He's getting the care he needs.我知道Yeah, I know.我想... 只是...I guess it's... It's just that...说实话 我有点担心自己Honestly, I'm a little more worried about me.我是说...I mean...如果帕斯再也听不到了怎么办what if Paz never hears again?他曾是我... 我的媒介He was my... my conduit,我的老师my teacher.帕斯一直都在身边支持我I mean, Paz has been there for me forever.如果他不好起来 我... 我也不知道If he doesn't get better, I just... I don't know.我不...I don't...我不知道还有谁能帮我...I don't know who will be there for me...和我的孩子and my baby.我会的I will.走吧 兄弟 该下班了Come on, partner. It's quitting time.一起喝一杯吧 我请客Let's go get a michelada. My treat.我很想去 不过I'd love to, but I suspect今天我得挑灯夜战 所以...I'll be burning the midnight oil this evening, so...走吧 快点Let's go. Come on.有什么我能帮忙的吗Something I can help you with?没有Nope. No.确定吗You sure?当然Yeah, yeah.只是...It's, uh...有些家务事family business.好吧Ah, okay.不过我们改天一定去But I'll take a rain check.说定了You got it.回家吧Go home.享受一下家庭时光Enjoy an evening with the family.好吧All right.Vaya con Dios[西语: 上帝与你同在]Vaya con Dios.啥What?我得教教你西班牙语I got to teach you Spanish.准备Jun-bi.最好是好消息This better be good.跟这高斯巴雪茄一样好吗[顶级雪茄品牌]As good as this Cohiba?不错呀 小伙子Nicely done.现在 我已经不是污秽了Now that I'm no longer marime,我想找长老会的老大咨询一下I had hoped to seek the counsel of my Rom Baro寻求智慧的建议for some sage advice.好 继续说Yeah. Yeah, go ahead.抓紧点时间Just make it snappy.是这样的Okay. Here's the thing.我有一个... 有过一个租户I have a t... had a tenant开始不交租金了who stopped paying his rent.-他怎么了  -我不知道- What happened to him? - I don't know.消失了Disappeared.但根据租约条款But according to the terms of his lease,我有权利没收里面I'm within my rights to confiscate所有的东西whatever was left behind on the property.方索 你找到什么了What'd you find, Fonso?等着看吧Wait till you see this.关上门Close the door.显然 已经有了潜在买家...Apparently, there's a buyer in place...一个叫科尔德罗的摩托手 我不知道...a biker named Cordero. I got no idea...行了 你越界太多了All right. You're in over your fucking head here.我会处理好的I'll handle this.然后给你们家族分一部分I'll throw your family a percentage.你人太好了You're too kind.这并不代表你不是个垃圾Doesn't mean you're not a piece of shit.我明白I realize that.有火吗 查理You got a light, Charlie?妈Mom.你抽太多烟了You smoke too much.的确Well, that's true.也喝太多酒了And you drink too much.只是你这么说According to you.你还吸太多毒And you snort way too much.玻璃房子里的人不应该...People in glass houses shouldn't...... 光着屁股走来走去 或者管他原话怎么说呢[搬石头砸自己脚]...walk around naked, you know, or whatever the fuck it is.能不能有话快说Can we just get on with it?因为我早上还要开个研讨会'Cause I need to lead a seminar in the A. M.你要开研讨会吗 厉害哦You have a seminar? That's fancy.能不能让我借个火Can I just get a light, please?妈Mom!完美Nice.你到底在这儿干什么What the hell are you even doing here?什么... 这应该你说吧What... You tell me.是因为史力迪尼结吗Is this about the Slydini knot?因为我已经跟你说过无数遍...'Cause I've told you a thousand times...当你在监狱里探望我的时候When you visited me in prison.当我在监狱里探望你的时候...When I visited you in prison...我不是故意的 妈I didn't do it on purpose, Mom.查理 这不重要Charlie, it doesn't matter.这是命运 注定要发生It was fate, meant to be.你做没做 都是一样的结果If you did it or not, it is what it is.我不相信命运I don't believe in fate.你最好开始相信Well, you better fucking start.为什么 因为关于我妻子的幻象吗Why, because of my vision about my wife?琳达 对吗 她看起来人很好Linda, right? She seems so nice.是我喜欢的类型She's my kind of gal.真希望我能见到她I wish I'd met her.不过 查理 这不是幻象But, no, Charlie, this is not a vision.是"先兆"This is a premonition.就是这样Gotcha.怎么了How's that?记得我们共同的先兆吗Remember that premonition we shared?记忆犹新Like it was yesterday.西尔维娅和我没有被绑架Sylvia and I weren't kidnapped.姨妈也没被杀Auntie wasn't killed.可能那不是重点Hmm, mm, maybe that wasn't the point.等等 这他妈是什么意思Wait. What the fuck does that mean?也许它还有别的想法Maybe it had something else in mind.-"它"是啥  -命运 傻瓜- What is "It"? - Fate, stupid.我告诉你过 我不信命I told you, I don't believe in fate.那你信什么 查理Then what do you believe in, Charlie?好问题Great question.好吧...Hmm. Well...你最好在明早该死的研讨会之前you'd better find an answer before your Goddamn seminar想出答案 对吗in the morning. Right?你要吸一口吗You want a bump?不是说你Not you.老天 妈妈Jesus, Mom.放松点 孩子 问题不是Relax, kid. The question is not,"有没有神明""Is there a higher power?"问题是The question is,"为什么神明这么混蛋""Why is the higher power such an asshole?"约瑟普上钩了吗Did Josip take the bait?上钩了 鱼钩 鱼线 沉子都好了[一切准备就绪]Yeah, he took the bait. Hook, line, and sinker.下一步是什么What would be the next step?我们等我的人拿着现金出现We wait for my guy to show up with the cash.你的合伙人那边怎么样了What about your partner?一点都没怀疑Suspects nothing.我知道 但是他们呢 兰科家族I know, but what about them, you know? The Rankos.嘘Shh.我的意思是 如果长老会瓦解了I mean, if the Council dissolves.我们会组建一个新的长老会...Well, we'll form a new one......由新的人领导...with new leadership.由马克思家族领导With the Marks family on top.准备Jun-bi.我不是帕斯...I'm not Paz......很显然...obviously.我做不了他能做的Uh, I can't offer what he could,但是我一直在旁边 我看见了一些东西uh, but I've been around. I've seen things.我也学到了一些东西I've learned things.我希望你们能给我一个机会And I want you to give me a chance和你们分享那些东西to share some of that with you.我的方式有一些不一样My approach is quite different.有些人甚至可能会觉得严厉To some, it may even seem harsh.我的意图是想要提供挑战而不是冒犯My intent is not to offend but to challenge.挑战让你往内心看Challenge you to look inward,看看是什么让你们今天来到这里to see what it is about you that pushed you here today,来给你们当头一棒to kick you in the ass.来帮助你们...To help you...帮助你们 不再做To help you, uh, stop being passengers自己生命中的过客in your own lives.让你掌控自己的人生Get you behind the wheel.不管你们中一些人从我所在行业的其他人那里听到了什么Despite what some of you have heard from others in my trade,人生没有路线图there is no road map.也没有命运或者There is no such thing as fate宿命之类的东西or destiny.你的道路不是预先决定的Your path is not pre-determined.这里没有宇宙定位系统There's no cosmic GPS告诉我要去哪里 要走多远telling me where or how far to go.我准备好了And I'm ready.我准备好丢掉这该死的路线图然后去挑战I'm ready to throw out the fucking map and go off-road.谁跟我一起Who is with me?我说 "谁跟我一起"I said, "Who's with me"?他要失去他们了He's losing them.也许只是那些嬉皮士 他们本来就是来做瑜伽和按摩的Maybe the hippies, but they're here for yoga and massage.看看剩下的人 那些年轻人Look at the rest of them, the young ones.-底线就是...  -他在接近他们- The bottom line is... - He's reaching them....宇宙不为我们服务...the universe doesn't work for us.把这段拿出来 我要放在网上Let's get this out. I want it online.它根本不在乎...It doesn't give a shit about...我们看看查理·哈弗福德能不能迅速火起来Let's see if Charlie Haverford can go viral.这取决于我们所有人 我们所有人It's up to all of us, all of us,来决定事情的进展to decide for ourselves how things shake out.你想去哪里 你想做什么Where do you want to go? What do you want to do?你想和谁一起分享这段旅程And who do you want to share this journey with?你想做一名游客吗Do you want be a tourist?你只想要站在边上旁观吗Do you want to stay on the sidelines and just watch?不No.你想要掌控自己的人生You want to get behind the wheel and drive.-是的  -那么就说出来- Yes. - Then say it.-我要掌控自己人生  -再说一遍- I want to drive. - Say it again!我要掌控自己人生I want to drive.你在哪Hey, where are you?我马上就来 好的I'll be right there. Okay.该死Shit!-你好  -你好- Hey. - Hi.那 你妈妈什么时候回来So, when does your mom get home?我真的不知道I don't really know anymore.有时候诺娅过来Uh, sometimes Nora comes over,有时候我妈去诺娅家and sometimes my mom goes to Nora's.诺娅是谁Who's Nora?我爸爸的医生 心理医生什么的Uh, my dad's doctor, therapist, or something.-他还好吗  -他们不太跟我说- Is he okay? - They don't tell me much,但从我偷听到的来说 他在变好but from what I hear from the walls, he's doing better, yeah.所以 为什么你爸爸的医生还一直来你家So, then, why does your dad's doctor keep coming over?我不知道 她怀孕了I don't know. She's pregnant.我妈妈喜欢她My mom likes her.我也不清楚 我的家人都很疯狂Yeah, I don't know. My family's fucking crazy.我为你疯狂I'm crazy about you.已经两周了 我明天之前就要拿到租金It's been two weeks. Now, I want the rent by tomorrow,不然我就毁了你的店or I'm going to raze your shop把它变成我的私人停车场and make it into my own, personal parking garage.明白了吗 别逼我干这事 我知道你是个好人We clear? Don't make me do that. I know you're a nice man.不好意思Excuse me.-你好  -宝马车呢- Hi! - Where's the Bimmer?查理不想让我开那车Charlie doesn't want me driving it.现在他就像是自助式巡回演出的摇滚明星Now that he's a rock star on the self-help circuit,他不希望有任何不当行为的痕迹he doesn't want any hint of impropriety.-他说的吗  -嗯- His words? - Yeah.听起来很混蛋Sounds like an asshole.所以你全天呆在店里了So you in the shop full-time now?是啊 看起来是这样的Yeah, seems that way.-说曹操曹操到  -等会儿见- Speak of the devil. - I'll see you later.-喂  -好啊- Hi. - Hey, there.-我要开免提吗  -是的 不好意思啦 我在工作- Am I on speaker? - Yeah, sorry. I'm working.听着 我们在考虑增加一个周末So, listen, we're thinking about adding another weekend.-"我们"  -是的 不好意思- "We"? - Yes, sorry.琳达 我是玛姬Linda, it's Maggie.丽斯和亚当也在这里Liz and Adam are here, as well.哈弗福德夫人 你好 别介意我们Hi, Mrs. Haverford. Don't mind us.帕斯怎么样了How's Paz doing?好很多了 应该很快就能出来了Much better. Think he'll be out soon.查理 他一直在找你Charlie, he's been asking for you.他希望出来的时候能去看看你He wants to come visit when he gets out.噢 我会派辆车的Oh, I'll send a car.我觉得我可以开车送他过来I was thinking I would drive him myself.-那尼克怎么办  -我也把他带上- What about Nick? - I'll bring him, too.让他看看你在干嘛也挺好的Be great for him to see what you've been up to.当然 听起来不错Sure, that sounds great.可能等你到了这里Maybe wait until you get here再告诉他"不准用手机"的规则to tell him about the "No phones allowed" Rule.-那肯定  -我得挂了- Hey, you bet. - I got to go.不好意思 在静修班开始之后I'm sorry, but we can't give refunds就不能退款了after the retreat has already started.你可以看看你的合同条款...If you'll look at your terms and conditions...我不关心这些合同条款I don't care about the terms and conditions.马蒂 马蒂 怎么回事Marty, Marty. What's going on?你好啊 查理Oh. Hey, Charlie.马蒂正在表达Marty here was just expressing his dissatisfaction对我们新方式的不满with our new direction.这不怪你 是我 我就是...It's not you. It's me. I just...我想也许我的自我帮助需要多一点关注I think maybe I need a little more coddling with my self-help.那完全没问题That's totally fine.我的方法也不是适用于所有人的My techniques are not for everyone.所以我想新的你和旧的我Yeah, so I guess the new you and the old me只是不太适合just aren't a great fit, then.如果你们不能从中得到什么收获Well, we wouldn't want you to stay我们也不能要求你留下来if you're not getting anything out of it.给他退款Give him his refund.-我不能...  -照做- I'm not allowed to... - Do it.我不用穿些奇怪的衣服 对吗I don't have to wear anything weird, do I?定义一下"奇怪的"Define "Weird."我也不知道 像长袍之类的I don't know, like a toga or something.更像是空手道装备或者你打网球穿的那些More like a karate outfit or something you play tennis in.哦 好的Oh. Okay.听起来不错 我觉得That sounds cool, I guess.不幸的消息 这一条很难处理Unfortunately, this one's being stubborn.我想去 我真的想去I want to go. I really do.只是我这周都要待产 你知道的It's just, you know, I'm on-call this weekend.-我知道  -你知道- I know. - You know I tried-我想摆脱这事的  -我知道- to get out of it. - I know!所以 我...我觉得这应该没问题的So, I'm... I'm thinking this would be good.-放婴儿床吗  -嗯哼- For the crib? - Mm-hmm.-婴儿床  -是啊- The crib? - Yeah.诺娅准备和我们住一起Nora's going to stay with us已经很接近预产期了once she's closer to her due date也许没多久就要生了and maybe a little after.三角式And triangle pose.啊 谢谢你Yeah. Thanks.保持呼吸Steady breathing.武士二式Warrior II.双手放在心脏中心Hands at your heart center.哦...天哪Oh... my God.看看是谁啊Well, well.兰博基尼接送呢Look what the Lambo dragged in.-怎么 没停车员吗  -这也不是停车场- What, no valet? - Nor is this the parking lot....吸气吐气......in and out...宝贝 我想这里是自助停车的Babe, I think they just got self-parking.哦 真恶心Oh, that's disgusting.我知道 但你不会介意的 对吧I know, but you don't mind, right?不是针对你 宝贝Not for you, sweetie.我想你I miss you.你一直都好忙You've been busy.在国外忙吗Going international?我都不知道他是哪个国家的I have no fucking clue what country he's from,坦白说 他叫啥名字我也不知道or, to be honest, how to pronounce his name.好像是托腾什么的It's like Totten-something.托腾博格吗 鬼知道Totenberg? I don't know.我一直管他叫坨坨I've been calling him Toto.-他觉得这样叫很可爱  -维加斯的猎物吗- He thinks it's cute. - Vegas mark?是吧 他像是皇室的还是什么Yeah, he's, like, royalty or something.我只知道...他太他妈有钱了All I know... He's got a shit-ton of Euros.给你付了整容的钱Pay for that?还有别的呢Among other things.你他妈来这儿做什么Why the fuck are you here?更像是做"更好的银行账户"吧[讽刺"做更好的自己"]More like building a better bank account.眼镜太他妈丑了The glasses are fucking ridiculous.他在哪儿Where is he?-我老大哥在哪儿  -忙- Where's my big bro? - Busy.对了 你应该向某个人道歉In the meantime, there's someone here you owe an apology to.想想吧 小子 第一次行骗技术就那么好To think, man, you're that good at your first con.你在开玩笑吗Are you kidding me?潜力无限啊 小家伙Got a lot of potential, kiddo.下次我再去维加斯 你真的应该和我一起Next time I go to Vegas, you should definitely come with me.别放在心上 当时我很需要钱Don't take it personally. I needed the money.你甚至不知道到底能不能行You didn't even know if it was going to work.有好处自己跳出来 你只是刚刚好占了便宜A situation presents itself, you take advantage of it.这是我们做事的首要规则That's kind of the first rule of what we do.所以你卖了自己的亲侄子 这就是你做的吗So you burn your own nephew? That's what you do?我知道 之前发生的一切都太糟糕了I know. It sucks how it all had to happen.喂Hey!我需要钱来去掉这个疤I needed it to fix this.我的脸就是我的事业...My face is my business, and...但这事业就不他妈提了business was shit.那事仅此一次 对不起It was a one-time thing. I'm sorry.我保证再也不会发生了It won't happen again.整容水平挺高的They did a good job.真的吗Right?幸亏有你 我这"事业"才能兴旺发达Thanks to you, business is booming.好了 好了Okay, okay.你没有加入我You didn't join me.我在想为什么I'm wondering why.这是神圣的地方This is a sacred place.我知道啊 你说过的I know. You told me.在你拍我一巴掌之前Just before you smacked me one.那事我很抱歉I'm sorry about that.我常常在这里寻求慰藉I often found solace here,但现在我只觉得自己不洁and now all I feel is just unclean,毫无价值...unworthy...毫无价值还是解脱Unworthy or unclenched?噢Oh.绝对是囚困Definitely clenched.我很迷茫 很恐慌I feel confused. I feel scared.你现在一团糟You're a mess.没错Agreed.但我知道你在痛苦什么But I know what you're going through.我知道你的感觉 你感觉孤独I know how you feel. You feel lonely.你觉得被抛弃 你感觉自己...You feel abandoned. You feel like......辜负了...you've failed.但是 你辜负了谁呢But who have you failed?我的朋友 我的家人My friends, my family,-我的...  -不是- my fo... - Wrong.你迷茫恐慌You feel scared and confused是因为你害怕自己辜负了宇宙because you fear you've failed the universe.我不知道I don't know.你觉得宇宙抛弃了你You think the universe is looking down你这个宇宙的媒介on you, its conduit,对你感到失望 憎恶disappointed and disgusted.并且你想不通为什么会这样And you just can't figure out why.我告诉你 帕斯 一切都搞砸了And I'm here to tell you, Paz, that's fucked up.不能因为宇宙和我们对话Just because the universe speaks to us,就意味着他 她或它就不会满口胡言doesn't mean that he, she, or it isn't full of shit.为什么我们总认为自己是问题所在Why do we always assume we are the problem?为什么就不能是宇宙有时候出错了Why can't the universe be wrong sometimes?为什么宇宙不能自负 可怜Why can't it be vain, petty,或者直接点 是个傻逼玩意儿and quite frankly, an asshole?你知道的 他们说宇宙以神秘的方式运作You know, they say the universe works in mysterious ways.为什么 为什么都很神秘Why? Why all the mystery?为什么他妈的不能直接告诉我们这一切意味着什么Why can't it just fucking tell us what it all means?它在害怕什么What is it afraid of?我爱你 查理I love you, Charlie.虽然倾向于风车一边 但是老兄 你行的[暗喻查理是堂吉诃德]Tilting at windmills, but you own it, man.我不知道还能做什么I don't know what else to do.我不能说我认同你的宇宙论I can't say I hold with your cosmology,但...but...我被你的奋斗激励了I'm inspired by your struggles.你够胆You got guts.你从不言弃You never give up.我想重新加入这场战斗I would like to rejoin the fight.现在 一旦打开 这个app就会传播 记录Now, once launched, the app will broadcast, record,转录你听到的或说的任何声音and transcribe everything you hear or say.-所以我要做的就是说话吗  -是的- So all I got to do is talk? - Yeah.现在试试吧Now, why don't you try it.对着它说 然后看屏幕Talk into it and watch.测试Testing.测试Testing.好 我来重申下Okay, let me reiterate.必须让特纳承认 他知道It is imperative that Turner acknowledge这些武器是偷来的these weapons as stolen goods他和科尔德罗谈了一个合理的价格and that he negotiate a fair price with Cordero.明白吗Hmm?知道了Got it.我也重申一遍And let me reiterate.我为你们做这事儿...I do this thing for you......是要保我家人平安......my family stays safe...永远forever.家人Family,只包括丽塔·马克思和你两个女儿...as defined by Rita Marks and your two daughters...只有她们三个only.你的商业伙伴呢 布斯塔曼特What about your business partner, Bustamante?你也准备好让他进监狱吗Are you prepared for him to go down?喂 今晚没人进去好吗Whoa. Nobody is going down tonight, okay?如果做这事会进监狱If this leads to an arrest,那我们也没有了底牌而且还毁了真正要做的事we'll have shown our hand and destroyed our case.这只是个见面会 方索This is just a meet-and-greet, Fonso.没有别的Nothing more.我清楚明白地收到你的意思了I read you loud and clear.我们的所有物和自我价值没有什么不同Our belongings are no different than our own self-worth.是我们...It is us...决定了他们的价值who determine their value.他说过绝不要卖掉它He said to never sell it.他说过"没有任何东西可以凌驾于He said, "No price could ever be put它的价值之上"on its worth."他知道我不需要钱He knew I didn't need the money.对你来说 这不是缺钱的问题...For you, it wasn't about the money...不像你和他的关系unlike your relationship with him.好吧 他是一个施与者 他给予我们想要的一切Well, he was a provider. He gave us everything we wanted.但你愿意把一切都还给他 只为换回和他多一天在一起But you'd give it all back for just one more day with him.他在我出生那天给了我这份礼物...He was given it as a gift the day I was born...他说那是他生命里最幸福的一天the happiest day of his life is what he told me.现在你明白了 钱换不来更多的时间And now you know that money can't get you back更换不来某个人的爱any more time, nor someone's love.但是 在所有这些忽视和伤痛之下But underneath all that neglect, all that pain,有一个更好的你lives a better you.解放你自己 朋友Free yourself, friend.让我们帮你做更好的自己Let us help you build someone better.你想做更好的自己吗Do you want to build someone better?-应该回答是吗  -不- Yes? - No, I'm the one是我在问你问题asking you the question.你想做更好的自己吗Do you want to build someone better?你想做更好的自己吗Do you want to build someone better?-我想做更好的自己  -很好- I want to build someone better. - Yes!女士们 先生们Ladies and gentlemen,向大家介绍 "伟大"的查尔斯I would like to introduce you to Charles the Magnificent.谢了 我本想表演个节目的Ah, thank you. I would love to put on a show,但很不幸but, unfortunately,跟以往一样 我妹妹毫无准备就来了like usual, my sister comes unprepared.真的吗Or does she?我猜是刚偷的吧Freshly stolen, I presume?最好的那种啊The best kind.诺娅没来吗Nora didn't make it?没 工作呢No. Work.帕斯这状态之后 她怎么样了How is she getting on after all this Paz business?我想她正因为帮不上忙而丧气呢I think she feels bad she couldn't do more.她本来就啥都帮不了Mm. There's nothing she could have done.不幸的是 帕斯变得Unfortunately, Paz has become very reliant非常依赖催眠on hypnotism.恐怕没有催眠他人都不好了I'm afraid he can't function without it.没有和宇宙的联系 他... 迷失了Without that connection to the universe, he's... lost.-查理知道吗  -当然- Does Charlie know? - Of course.要不然你以为他为什么带帕斯去医院How do you think he got Paz to go to the hospital?带我看看Show me.有人告诉我 整个过程非常舒缓...I'm told it's very soothing...花的香味the perfume of the flower,水流动的声响the rhythm of the movement.这些产生了一种催眠的功效It induces a hypnotic state.但他不知道He has no idea.我设计了一个触发词I devised a trigger word,它会带他进入深层放松状态one which puts him into a deep state of relaxation这样他就能接受信息和指示so he can receive information, instruction.指示Instruction?抱歉I'm sorry.我... 我发现很难相信I... I just find it so difficult你会被这些迷惑to believe that you fell for this.你真有在倾听吗Are you listening? Really?这对你来讲就他妈是个游戏吧And this is all just a fucking game to you.这可是你和查理赖以为生的游戏A game you and Charlie built a livelihood on.我关心我的客户I care about my clients.比关心他们的钱还要多吗More than their money?帕斯信任你Paz trusted you.他全心依赖你He depended on you.你让他相信自己有天赋You made him believe that he had a gift.-但他现在不需要天赋了  -因为你不再需要他了- And now he doesn't need it. - Because you don't need him.而查理也不需要你And Charlie doesn't need you.他受够了要拯救你He is done saving you.琳达 是时候往前走了It is time, Linda, to move on.他们管这叫墨西哥血腥玛丽They call it a Mexican Bloody Mary.这是什么...What's this, uh...杯口上是什么What's that on the edge?塔吉辣椒Tajin spices.给酒加点劲Adds a little kick to it.天啊Oh, man!很棒 是不是Good, right?还有回味呢It's got an aftertaste.是啊 有种蛤蜊汁Yeah. Probably the clam juice或是伍斯特辣酱的味道or the Worcestershire sauce.新手机吗New phone?是的Uh, yeah.有个新计划Got a new plan.给你拿点喝的吗Hey. Get you something to drink?先做正事After we do some business.-你肯定是...  -特纳- And you must be... - Turner.他们叫我"大吉姆"They call me "Big Jim".我是西海岸公司的头I run the West Coast Kompania.吉普赛人的王吗King of the Gypsies?我们更喜欢罗姆人这个称呼We prefer Romani.不过是啊 我是当家的But, yeah, I'm in charge.我是负责人Yo soy en cargo, ese.你说得没错了I guess you were right你来当中间人吧about you being the middle man, huh?先坐吧Have a seat.诺娅Nora?诺娅Nora!妈的Fuck.诺娅Nora.方索Fonso!开门 我知道你在里面Open up! I know you're in there!把他妈门打开 我...Open the fucking door. I just...我需要她的钥匙I need her keys.我要他妈的钥匙 我需要吉娜的钥匙I need her fucking keys. I need Gina's keys.开门Open it!联调局特别特工 西姆斯Special Agent Simms, FBI.你坐好别出声I need you to sit here and be quiet.我们过会来跟你解释We'll talk to you in a little bit.-妈的  -搞什么- Shit. - What the fuck?是啊 方索 搞什么鬼Yeah, Fonso, what the fuck?我还以为自己是你合伙人呢Thought I was your partner.这次不是Not on this one.-请让开  -什么 "请让开"吗- Please. - What, "Please?"你耍了我 就说这么一声You fuck me over, and all you have to say"请让开"吗 你个狗逼is "Please," You fuck?那我应该怎么回答 "多谢"吗What am I supposed to say to that, "Thank you"?你俩都他妈闭嘴行吗How 'bout the both of you shut the fuck up, huh?待在这 别起身Stay here. Stay down.联邦调查局 不许动FBI. Don't move!-移动  -移动- Move it! - Move!有特工中枪 有特工中枪Agent down! Agent down!趴下Down!我在这 我在这呢I'm here! I'm here.我来了 我帮你 他来了I got you. I got you. He's coming.奥森·威尔士说 骗子相信催眠[知名好莱坞导演]Orson Welles said it was an occupational disease那是种职业病when charlatans start believing the hype.魔术师和读心师... 对此有个专业名词Magicians and mind-readers... They have a term for it.叫做"迷眼" 就是我身上发生的事It's called a "Shut eye." That's what happened to me.一段时间后 一切都变得很简单After a while, it was just all too easy.我用不着像以前那样研究人I didn't have to study people like I used to.只要看着他们One look at them,我的眼睛就会自动分析and my eye did the math.过去我想 是不是宇宙...I thought, did the universe...是宇宙给了我这种天赋吗the universe give me this gift?当然不是 我就是天赋本身Fuck no! I am the gift.天赋一直伴随着我The gift has been within me all along.天赋也伴随着你们And it's within you.你 和你And you. And you.-查理  -伴随着你们所有人- Charlie. - All of you.查理Charlie.琳达Linda?我... 我是查理·哈弗福德Hi. I'm, uh... I'm Charlie Haverford.我妻子 琳达·哈弗福德 在这My wife, Linda Haverford, she's here.哈弗福德 哈 弗 福 德Uh, Haverford. H-a-v-e-r-f-o-r-d.真为你难过I'm so sorry.-西尔 西尔  -查理 天啊- Syl, Syl. - Charlie. Oh, my God.他们... 他们怎么说What... What... What did they say?她刚刚手术结束So, she just got out of surgery,但还需要做更多手术but they're saying she needs more.查理 查理Charlie. Charlie.他们刚把她救醒They're about to take her back in,但她想先见你 好吗but she wants to see you, first, okay?只有你爸爸 小伙子Hey. Just your dad, buddy.好吗Okay?查... 查理Ch... Charlie.查... 查理Cha... Charlie.查理Charlie.是我Yeah.去死吧Go fuck yourself.